James Bond: I admire your courage, Miss...?
Sylvia Trench: Trench. Sylvia Trench. I admire your luck, Mister...?
James Bond: Bond. James Bond.
Felix Leiter: Where did you get that suit?
James Bond: My tailor, in Savile Row.
Felix Leiter: Mine's from Washington. Felix Leiter, Central Intelligence Agency.
Sylvia Trench: When did you say you had to leave?
James Bond: Immediately... almost immediately.
James Bond: Moneypenny! What gives?
Miss Moneypenny: Me, given an ounce of encouragement. You've never taken me to dinner looking like this. You've never taken me to dinner ...
James Bond: I would, you know. Only M would have me court-martialed for... illegal use of government equipment.
Miss Moneypenny: Flattery will get you nowhere — but don't stop trying.
Construction worker: How did it happen?
James Bond: I think they were on their way to a funeral.
Dr. No: I'm a member of SPECTRE.
James Bond: [confused] SPECTRE?
Dr. No: SPECTRE. SPecial Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge, and Extortion. The four great cornerstones of power headed by the greatest brains in the world.
James Bond: Correction. Criminal brains!
Dr. No: The successful criminal brain is always superior. It has to be!
Dr. No: The Americans are fools. I offered my services, they refused. So did the East. Now they can both pay for their mistake.
James Bond: World domination, same old dream. In England, our sanitariums are full of men who think they are Napoleon. Or God.
Honey Ryder: I put a black widow spider underneath his mosquito net ... a female, they're the worst. It took him a whole week to die. [Bond looks shocked] Did I do wrong?
James Bond: Well, it wouldn't do to make a habit of it.
James Bond: Well, from this angle... things are shaping up nicely.
Tatiana Romanova: I think my mouth is too big.
James Bond: It’s just the right size... for me, that is.
[Moneypenny, M and other officials are listening to Bond's taped interview of Tatiana Romanov.]
Tatiana Romanova: The mechanism is... Oh, James, James... Will you make love to me all the time in England?
James Bond: Day and night. Go on about the mechanism.
James Bond: Your clock: is it correct?
Russian Consulate clerk: Always.
James Bond: Of course.
[Bond briefly walks away to check his watch.]
[Kerim Bey, underneath the building, checks his watch and prepares to set off the tear-gas bomb.]
[Bond comes back to the clerk's desk]
James Bond: Excuse me, you did say your clock was correct?
Russian Consulate clerk: Russian clocks are always ...
[The tear-gas bomb goes off. People in the building start to evacuate. Bond puts on his gas mask and proceeds to the communications room where Tatiana Romanova is working with the Lektor, disabling a guard in the process.]
James Bond: Is this the Lektor?
Tatiana Romanova: [coughing] Yes.
James Bond: [giving his gas mask to Romanova] Here take this. It's only tear gas.
Tatiana Romanova: I thought it was for tomorrow. But today is the 13th.
James Bond: It's a hell of a time to be superstitious.
[Kerim Bey is speaking to a Soviet security guard, Benz, who is tied up and gagged on the train.]
Kerim Bey: I've had a particularly fascinating life - would you like to hear about it?
Benz: [Muffled groan]
Kerim Bey: Oh, you would?
[Bond wakes up after being knocked out by Donald "Red" Grant, who is now holding him at gunpoint]
Donald Grant: Keep still. Alright, now get up on your knees. Put your hands in your pockets. [Bond does so] Keep 'em there.
James Bond: Red wine, with fish. Well, that should have told me something.
Donald Grant: You might know the right wines... but you're the one on your knees. How does it feel, old man?
James Bond: "Old man?" Is that what you chaps in S.M.E.R.S.H. call each other?
Donald Grant: [puzzled] S.M.E.R.S.H?
James Bond: [frowns, then realizes]... Of course. S.P.E.C.T.R.E. [pause] Then it wasn't a Russian show at all. You've been playing us all against each other, haven't you? Then it was S.P.E.C.T.R.E. who killed the Russian agent in the mosque. [Grant smirks] You?
Donald Grant: Mm-hm.
James Bond: Kerim, and the other man?
Donald Grant: Mm-hm.
James Bond: [angrily] And Nash?
Donald Grant: [smugly] Oh, I don't mind talking. I get a kick out of watching the great James Bond find out what a bloody fool he's been making of himself. [keeping Bond covered, he pulls Bond's gun out of his pocket and screws a suppressor onto the barrel] We're pros, Mr. Bond. We sweated your recognition code out of one of your men in Tokyo, before he died. Since then, I've been keeping tabs on you. I've been your guardian angel. Saved your life at the gypsy camp.
James Bond: [nods] Ah, yes. I am much obliged.
Donald Grant: We needed you alive until you could get us the L.E.K.T.O.R.
James Bond: So you had me deliver it on a plate. [nods] That's brilliant. Go on, I'm fascinated.
Donald Grant: Now that we have it, you and the girl are expendable... between here, and Trieste. [keeping Bond covered with the silenced gun, he puts his own gun away]
James Bond:... The girl? Isn't she working for S.P.E.C.T.R.E., too?
Donald Grant: No. She thinks she's doing it all for Mother Russia. She takes her orders from Colonel Klebb.
James Bond: But Rosa Klebb's Russian- Head of Operations for S.M.E.R.S.H.
Donald Grant: Was. Klebb works for S.P.E.C.T.R.E. now. The girl doesn't know that.
James Bond: ...Well, then why kill her?
Donald Grant: Orders. [pulls a small roll of film from his pocket, smirking] That's only half of it, old man. Here's a roll of film. She'll have it in her handbag. [tosses it on the floor and pulls a letter from his pocket] And on you, they'll find this letter. It's from her, threatening to give the film to the press unless you marry her for helping you get the L.E.K.T.O.R.
James Bond: [confused] What film?
Donald Grant: [smirking] Taken in the bridal suite of your hotel. Something else the girl didn't know about...or you. (snickers)
James Bond: [angrily] It must be a pretty sick collection of minds to dream up a plan like that.
Donald Grant: Do you see the headlines? "British Agent Murders Beautiful Russian Spy, then Commits Suicide."
James Bond: [scornfully] Tell me- what lunatic asylum did they get you out of?
Donald Grant: [stands up, coldly] Don't make it tougher on yourself. [he backhands Bond hard across the face] My orders are to kill you and deliver the L.E.K.T.O.R. How I do it's my business. It'll be slow and painful.
James Bond: How much are they paying you?
Donald Grant: What's it to you?
James Bond: We'll double it.
Donald Grant: [steps back, mockingly] Your "word of honor, as an English Gentleman?" [glances at his pistol and smirks] The first one won't kill you...nor the second. Not even the third. [snarling] Not 'til you crawl over here, and you kiss my foot!
James Bond: ...How about a cigarette?
Donald Grant: Not a chance.
James Bond: I'll pay for it.
Donald Grant: ...What with?
James Bond: Fifty gold sovereigns.
Donald Grant: ...Where are they?
James Bond: Up there, in my case.
[Keeping his gun on Bond, Grant pulls the case down, then tosses it to Bond]
Donald Grant: You show me. [Bond opens the case but angles it so that Grant can't see him turning the catches horizontally]
James Bond: [pulls out the sovereigns and holds them out] All right, how about that cigarette?
Donald Grant: [putting on his killing gloves] Throw 'em down there. [Bond drops the coins by Grant's feet] More in the other case?
James Bond: [pretends to think] I should imagine so; it's a standard kit. [pushes his case aside and reaches quickly for Nash's case] I'll have a look.
Donald Grant: [sharply] Put your hands back in your pockets. [Bond does so, looking defeated] Keep 'em there.
[keeping his gun on Bond, Grant grabs Nash's case and pops open the catches. Because he didn't turn them horizontally first, a tear-gas cartridge inside the case explodes in his face, disorienting him. Bond lunges forward and pins him to the wall. As they struggle, Grant fires, shooting out the main light in the compartment and shattering the train window; Bond finally judo-chops the gun out of his hand. The two men engage in a brutal fistfight; initially Bond has the upper hand due to the gas, but Grant's durability and stamina gradually wear him down. Grant eventually pins his arm, then extends the garrote wire in his wristwatch and wraps it around Bond's neck, trying to strangle him. Bond frantically presses the secret switch on his case that releases a throwing knife; after several tries, he finally gets it, and stabs Grant in the arm. Grant lets go with a howl of pain. Bond turns on him, wraps his own garrote wire around his neck, and throttles him to death. Bond starts to walk away, then turns back and retrieves Grant's gun]
James Bond: You won't be needing this... "Old man".
Ernst Blofeld: Three men were found dead on the train at Trieste. One of them was Grant. What have you to say, Number Five?
Kronsteen: It was Klebb's choice. Her people failed.
Rosa Klebb: It was your plan! They followed it implicitly!
Kronsteen: Impossible. It was perfect.
Rosa Klebb: Except for one thing. They were dealing with Bond!
Kronsteen: Who is Bond compared with Kronsteen?
Ernst Blofeld: Exactly. What have you to say to that, Number Three? [Klebb says nothing; Blofeld pushes a button on his desk, and Morzeny enters the room] Bond is still alive, and the L.E.K.T.O.R. is not yet in our possession. I have already negotiated with the Russians to return it to them. We've agreed a price. And S.P.E.C.T.R.E always delivers what it promises. [Morzeny comes up behind Klebb and Kronsteen] Our whole organization depends on us keeping those promises. [Morzeny presses one of his boots against the other, and a small spike extends from its' toe] I warned you. We do not tolerate failure, Number Three. You know the penalty.
Rosa Klebb: Yes, Number One.
Ernst Blofeld: Our rules are very simple. If you fail...
[Morzeny draws his spiked boot, turns and kicks Kronsteen, who yelps in pain. Klebb stares at Blofeld in disbelief as Kronsteen succumbs to the poison; still shaking his head in shock, he keels forward and falls in front of the desk.]
Ernst Blofeld: Twelve seconds. One day, we must invent a faster-working venom. [Klebb pulls a handnerchief out of her pocket and starts mopping sweat from her brow] Number Three.
Rosa Klebb: [hastily puts away her handkerchief] Yes?
Ernst Blofeld: I do not wish to have to tell the Russians that there will be another delay.
Rosa Klebb: There will be no delay, Number One. There's still time.
[Rosa Klebb is shot as she tries to kill Bond with a poisoned blade attached to her shoe.]
Tatiana Romanova: Horrible, horrible woman.
James Bond: Yes, she had her kicks.
Bond: Tell me, Jill. Why does he do it?
Jill: He likes to win.
Bond: Why do you do it?
Jill: He pays me.
Bond: Is that all he pays you for?
Jill: And for being seen with him.
Bond: Just seen?
Jill: Just seen!
Bond: Oh, I'm so glad.
M: Gold? All over?
Bond: She died of skin suffocation. It's been known to happen to cabaret dancers. It's all right as long as you leave a small bare patch at the base of the spine to allow the skin to breathe.
M: Someone obviously didn't.
Bond: And I know who.
Bond: What do you know about gold, Moneypenny?
Moneypenny: Oh, the only gold I know about is the kind you wear. You know, [makes motion of inserting ring] on the third finger of your left hand.
Bond: One day we really must look into that.
Moneypenny: What about tonight? You come round for dinner and I'll cook you a beautiful Angel Cake.
Bond: Nothing would give me great pleasure but unfortunately I have a ... business appointment.
Moneypenny: That's the flimsiest excuse you've ever given me. Ah well some girls have all the luck. Who is she James?
M: [Over the intercom] "She" is me, Miss Moneypenny. And kindly omit the customary byplay with 007, will you? He's dining with me, and I don't want him to be late.
Moneypenny: [hopeful] So there's hope for me yet?
Bond: Moneypenny...won't you ever believe me?
Colonel Smithers: Have a little more of this rather disappointing brandy.
M: What's wrong with it?
Bond: I'd say it was a 30-year-old fine, indifferently blended, sir, with an overdose of bon-bois.
M: Colonel Smithers is giving the lecture, 007.
[Q explains the devices on Bond's Aston Martin DB5]
Q: Now this one I'm particularly keen about. You see the gear lever here? [points to transmission lever] Now, if you take the top off, you will find a little red button. Whatever you do, don't touch it.
Bond: Yeah, why not?
Q: Because you'll release [points out roof] this section of the roof, and engage and then fire the passenger ejector seat. Whish!
Bond: Ejector seat? You're joking!
Q: I never joke about my work, 007. [Bond falls silent]
Bond: Do you expect me to talk?
Goldfinger: [looks back, laughing] No, Mr Bond, I expect you to die!
[After his laser encounter, Bond awakens to find a woman staring at him.]
Bond: Who are you?
Pussy Galore: My name is Pussy Galore.
Bond: [looks away and smiles] I must be dreaming.
Bond: You'll kill 60,000 people uselessly.
Goldfinger: Hah. American motorists kill that many every two years.
Ernst Stavro Blofeld/Number 1: Sit down, Number 2. We will discuss your NATO project later. [Largo bows and takes a seat amongst 12 men] I regret to inform you all of the death of SPECTRE Number 6. Colonel Jacques Bouvar was killed by an unknown assassin. His services will be greatly missed. [dims the boardroom lights and shows a map of Earth, with a pulsating light blue pentagram over Japan, on the screen opposite his box] We will now proceed with the area financial reports. Number 7.
SPECTRE Number 7: Blackmail of the double agent, Matsou Fujiwa. Unfortunately, only 40 million yen, all the man had.
Blofeld/Number 1: Number 10. [the star on the map has settled over France]
SPECTRE Number 10: Assassination of Perringe, the French anti-matter specialist who went over to the Russians...three million francs from the Special Department of the Qui d'Orsay.
Blofeld/Number 1: Number 5. [the star on the map has settled over the United Kingdom]
SPECTRE Number 5: Our consultation fee for the British train robbery, £250,000.
Blofeld/Number 1: Number 11.
SPECTRE Number 11: Distribution of Red China narcotics in the United States. $2,300,000. Collected by Number 9 and myself.
Blofeld/Number 1: Two million three? Our expectations were considerably...higher, Number 11.
SPECTRE Number 11: Competition from Latin America. Prices are down.
Blofeld/Number 1: I anticipated that factor. Are you quite sure all monies have been accounted for, by yourself and Number 9?
SPECTRE Number 11: To the penny, Number 1.
Blofeld/Number 1: On the contrary, I have satisfied myself that one of you is clearly guilty of embezzlement. SPECTRE is a dedicated fraternity whose strength lies in the absolute integrity of its members. The culprit is known to me. I have decided on the appropriate action. [Number 11 is nervous that he would be punished, but is surprised when Number 9 is electrocuted and immediately disposed of; the seat moves back up with burn marks on the upholstery] Let us now proceed with new business. We will hear from Number Two, who is in charge of our NATO project, the most ambitious SPECTRE has ever undertaken. Your report, Number Two.
Emilio Largo/SPECTRE Number 2: Thank you, Number One. Our intention is to demand a ransom from the North Atlantic Treaty powers of 280 million dollars. A hundred million pounds. I have sent SPECTRE agent Count Lippe to the South of England where he is making the necessary preparations. He is at a health clinic, conveniently located near the NATO air base.
Pat Fearing: What exactly do you do?
Bond: Oh, I travel... a sort of licensed troubleshooter.
Miss Moneypenny: In the conference room. Something pretty big. Every Double-0 man in Europe has been rushed in. And the Home Secretary too.
Bond; His wife probably lost her dog.
[All MI6 00 agents are sent to an ornate conference room to attend a meeting with the Home Secretary, his right-hand man Kenniston, M, and two RAF officers. Bond arrives late, and M catches him trying to nonchalantly walk to his seat]
M: Well, now that we're all here, the Prime Minister has asked the Home Secretary to come and represent him here today. Home Secretary?
Home Secretary: Ah, gentlemen. The tape that you are about to hear was received at 10 Downing Street this morning.
[M presses the play button on a reel-to-reel tape player in front of him. The SPECTRE message begins to play.]
Ernst Stavro Blofeld/Number 1: [on tape] My dear Prime Minister, two atomic bombs, numbers 456 and 457, which were aboard NATO flight 759, are now in the possession of SPECTRE. Unless within the next seven days, your government pays to us one hundred million pounds Sterling, in a manner to be designated by us, we shall destroy a major city in England or the United States of America. Please signal your acceptance of our terms by arranging for Big Ben to strike seven times at 6:00pm tomorrow.
[M presses the stop button.]
Home Secretary: The Prime Minister and the President have talked together over the hotline, and have agreed that unless the bombs are recovered, payment will have to be made. To avoid general panic, complete secrecy will be maintained, and no press announcements. [To M] The Prime Minister has asked that your department take charge of the operation.
M: Thank you sir. [To Air Marshal Sir John] Sir John?
[A technician unveils a map behind one painting - a map of Europe, Africa and part of North America, with a large hollow red circle on it.]
Air Marshal Sir John: [At the map; pointing] This circle represents the full flying range of the Vulcan. Extensive search has failed to locate any evidence of either a crash or landing, and worldwide reports have proved negative on all airfields large enough to handle the Vulcan. [To M] That's all we have, sir.
M: Thank you, Sir John.
Home Secretary: Well, I'll leave you to carry on. We'll keep you in touch from Number 10.
M: Thank you, sir. [The Home Secretary and Kenniston leave; to the 00 agents] You may now open the folders in front of you. [The 00 agents do so, looking at the papers in them.] Codename... Thunderball. As you can see, we've very little to go on. All the members of the crew had top security clearance. You'll find their photographs and service records in your files. You'll be working with NATO, CIA and all Allied intelligence units. Well, that's all, until you discuss your individual assignments with me.
[Bond shows M a picture of Dominique Derval, the Vulcan pilot's sister]
M: Do we know where she is now?
Bond: Nassau.
M: Do you think she's worth going after?
Bond: Well, I wouldn't put it quite like that, sir...
[As Q is showing Bond new gadgets]
Q: It is to be handled with special care!
Bond: Everything you give me...
Q: ...is treated with equal contempt. Yes, I know.
Domino: Vargas's behind you.
James Bond: Really?
Domino: He must have followed us.
[Bond shoots Vargas with a spear gun, pinning him to a coconut tree and killing him]
Bond: I think he got the point.
Domino: It should have been Largo.
[Domino shoots Largo in the back, just as he is about to kill Bond]
Domino: I'm glad I killed him.
Bond: You're glad...
[Bond, Domino and Kutze are about to jump from the Disco Volante as it's about to hit the rocks]
Bond: Come on! Jump!
Kutze: I didn't learn to swim!
Bond: Never too late to learn. [he thrusts the Disco Volante's life ring into Kutze's hands]
Bond: Why do Chinese girls taste different from all other girls?
Ling: You think we better, huh?
Bond: No, just different. Like Peking duck is different from Russian caviar. But I love them both.
Ling: Darling, I give you very best duck.
Moneypenny: Oh, by the way, how was the girl?
Bond: [turns the lamp towards her, interrogation style] Which girl?
Moneypenny: The... uh... Chinese one we set you up with?
Bond: Another few minutes and I would have found out.
Tiger Tanaka: Permit me to introduce myself. I am Tanaka. Please call me Tiger.
Bond: If you're Tanaka, then how do you feel about me?
Tanaka: [the code response] I... love you.
Bond: Well, I'm glad we got that out of the way.
[Bond is in a hot tub with Tiger Tanaka and four beautiful Japanese girls.]
Tiger Tanaka: Rule number one: Never do anything yourself when someone else can do it for you.
Bond: And number two?
Tiger Tanaka: Rule number two: In Japan, men always come first, women come second.
Bond: Really? I might just retire to here.
[A car chasing Aki and Bond gets picked up by Tanaka's helicopter and gets dropped into the ocean.]
Tiger Tanaka: How is that for Japanese efficiency?
Bond: Just a drop in the ocean.
[Tiger is showing Bond a shooting cigarette.]
Tiger: It can save your life, this cigarette.
Bond: You sound like a commercial.
[Blofeld has summoned Osato and Helga Brandt to his office]
Blofeld: An unknown Englishman was in your office the other day.
Mr. Osato: Correct, Number One.
Blofeld: [shows X-ray image of a pistol] Do you know what gun this is?
Mr. Osato: [smugly] Walther PPK.
Blofeld: Only one person we know uses this sort of gun. James Bond.
Mr. Osato: [startled] But Bond is dead!
Helga Brandt: It was in all the newspapers!
Blofeld: Rubbish. Bond is alive, unless you killed him, Mr. Osato? Don't tell me you let him go.
Mr. Osato: I gave Number 11 the strictest orders to eliminate him!
Blofeld: And did she?
Mr. Osato: She failed!
Helga Brandt: [to Osato] You should have killed him yourself! You had plenty of opportunity!
Blofeld: This organization does not tolerate failure.
Mr. Osato: I know, but do you see, I...
Blofeld: GO! [sees Osato cross a bridge and leaves room; to Helga] Well? [Helga starts across. Blofeld hits a pedal that causes the bridge bottom to drop out, sending her into the piranha-filled water]
Helga: Aaaah! Osato! NEIIIIIIIIIIIIN!...[disappears from sight as piranhas kill her to the shock of Osato and two Chinese emissaries]
Blofeld: [addressing Osato as bridge closes back up] Kill Bond! Now!
Mr. Osato: Yes, Number One! Yes. Yes, yes.
[Blofeld has an astronaut that just tried to infiltrate SPECTRE's Bird One rocket brought to him at the command center]
SPECTRE Number 3: A new update on target vehicle has been received from computers. We now have T-minus seven minutes and counting.
Blofeld: You made a mistake, my friend. No astronaut would enter the capsule, carrying his air conditioner. Remove his helmet! [A guard removes the astronaut's helmet, and Blofeld is surprised who the person is; Osato tries to avoid the astronaut's eyes] James Bond. Allow me to introduce myself. [Leans forward so his head is visible from behind Hans] I am Ernst Stavro Blofeld. They told me you were assassinated in Hong Kong.
Bond: Yes, this is my second life.
Blofeld: [Pushes Hans out of the way] You only live twice, Mr. Bond.
SPECTRE Number 4: Target vehicle passing over central Russia. Approaching Mongolia. Track is as predicted. All computers...
Blofeld: [Drowns out SPECTRE Number 4] As you see, I am about to inaugurate a little war. In a matter of hours, when America and Russia have annihilated each other, we shall see a new power dominating the world.
Scientist: Target vehicle on scope.
Blofeld: [To scientist] Recheck on target vehicle. [To guards] Remove his suit, and search him!
SPECTRE Number 3: Reserve astronaut, ready on Bird One.
Tracy: Why do you persist in rescuing me, Mr. Bond?
Bond: It's becoming quite a habit, isn't it, Contessa Teresa?
Tracy: Teresa was a Saint; I'm known as Tracy.
Bond: Well, Tracy, next time play it safe and stand on 5.
Tracy: People who want to stay alive play it safe.
Bond: Please, stay alive! At least for tonight.
Draco: My apologies for the way you were brought here. I wasn't sure you'd accept a formal invitation.
Bond: There's always something formal about the point of a pistol.
[Bond throws a knife and hits a calendar on a bookshelf, on the 14th day]
Draco: But today is the thirteenth, Commander.
Bond: I'm superstitious.
Draco: May I introduce my daughter, Teresa.
Bond: Contessa..!
Tracy: Mr. Bond and I have already met.
Bond: But each time is a renewed pleasure. Madame always makes one feel so welcome!
[Tracy leaves]
Draco: She likes you! I can see it.
Bond: You must give me the name of your oculist.
Bond: [about Tracy] I find her fascinating. But she needs a psychiatrist, not me.
Draco: What she needs is a man... to dominate her! To make love to her enough to make her love him! A man like you!
Blofeld: Merry Christmas, 007.
Bond: I'm Sir Hillary Bray.
Blofeld: No no no, Mr. Bond. Respectable baronets from the College of Heralds do not seduce female patients in clinics. On the other hand, they do get their professional details... right. The De Bleauchamps tombs are not in the Augsburg Cathedral as you said, but in the Ste. Anna Kirch. Sir Hillary Bray would have known! A small slip. It takes more than a few props to turn 007 into a Herald. [snaps Bond's disguise spectacles in half]
Bond: [normal voice] It'll take more than cutting off your earlobes, Blofeld, to turn you into a Count.
Blofeld: I may yet surprise you. But I'm afraid you have no more surprises left for me. I know all about your mission, Mr. Bond. [throws Bond's contact's climbing equipment to the ground] Your colleague! Such a keen climber, and a brilliant conversationalist... before he left us.
Bond: You realize that he reported where I am.
Blofeld: Oh, I doubt that. In any case, no one is coming to your rescue, Mr. Bond. In a few short hours, the United Nations will receive a Yuletide greeting. The information that I now possess the scientific means to control... or to destroy, the economy of the whole world. People will have more important things to think about than you.
Bond: If they believe your threat.
Blofeld: [chuckles, sits] Oh, they will. In any case, I have prepared a demonstration. Remember that... disagreeable outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in England, last summer? [lights a cigarette] Well, I shall instruct them, in very convincing terms, exactly how I arranged that. And my capacity has improved, since.
Bond: Allergy vaccines? [pause] Bacteria. Bacteriological warfare.
Blofeld: With a difference. Our great breakthrough since last summer has been the confection of a certain "Virus Omega".
Bond: ...Infertility.
Blofeld: Total infertility, in plants and animals. Not just disease in a few herds, Mr Bond, or a single crop... but the destruction of a whole strain, forever, throughout an entire continent. If my demands are not met, I shall proceed with the systematic extinction of whole species of cereals and livestock all over the world.
Bond: Including, I suppose, the human race?
Blofeld: [smirks] I don't think, do you, Mr. Bond, that the United Nations will let it come to that? Not after their scientists analyze a small sample of Virus Omega they have received.
Bond: Epidemics of sterility. Nothing is born, no seed even begins to sprout. [pause] They'll find an antidote.
Blofeld: Of course! If I give them enough time. [stands]
Bond: They'll have time. Once they're warned, you'll have a problem dispensing the stuff.
Blofeld: That problem has already been solved. I have been training my own special... "Angels of Death."
Bond: Those girls.
Blofeld: Those girls. And many others like them.
Bond: But, exactly how?
Blofeld: Mm. [drags on his cigarette]... That will remain my secret.
Bond: [smirks] And how many hundred millions do you want for your services this time, Blofeld?
Blofeld: "This time?" [chuckles] This time, the price is of another kind. You'll be even more amused when you know what. In the meanwhile, I will keep you here as my guest. You'll be very useful in helping to convince the authorities... that I mean what I say. And I'll do what I claim.
[M refuses to authorize an attack on Blofeld]
Bond: And the girl who helped me escape? We just leave her there?
M: This department is not concerned with your personal problems.
Bond: This department owes her a debt. She saved my life.
M: Operation Bedlam is DEAD! Do you understand, 007?
Bond: Yes, Sir. I understand.
Blofeld: Now, if you're very, very nice to me. I could make you my Countess.
Tracy: But I'm already a Countess.
Blofeld: Whereas if you displease me, I can promise you a very different estate.
Q: [wishing Bond luck on his wedding day] Look, James, I know that we haven't always exactly seen... well, anyway, don't forget, if there's anything you ever need...
Bond: Thank you, Q, but this time I've got the gadgets and I know how to use them.
Sir Donald Munger: Tell me, Commander, how far does your expertise extend into the field of diamonds?
James Bond: Well, hardest substance found in nature, they cut glass, suggests marriage, I suppose it replaced the dog as the girl's best friend. That's about it.
M: Refreshing to hear that there is one subject you're not an expert on!
Bond: Anything you want me to bring you from Holland, Moneypenny?
Moneypenny: A diamond...in a ring.
Bond: Would you settle for a tulip? [He drives away]
Moneypenny: [Longingly] Yes!
Tiffany Case: My God ..You've just killed James Bond!
James Bond: [James Bond in disgust] Is that who it was? Well, it just proves no one's indestructible.
[The corpse of Mrs. Whistler is seen being recovered from the River Amstel in Amsterdam - to the shock of a tour commentator]
Mr. Kidd: [taking a photograph of the proceedings] Mrs. Whistler DID want some pictures of the canals for the children.
Mr. Wint: How kind of you Mr. Kidd, the children will be so thrilled!
[Bond has just paid in to join a craps game and gathered his chips, when...]
Plenty O'Toole: Hi, I'm Plenty.
James Bond: [looks at cleavage] But of course you are.
O'Toole: Plenty O'Toole.
Bond: Named after your father perhaps?
[Plenty O'Toole is thrown out of the window and lands in the middle of the hotel's swimming pool]
James Bond: [looking down] Exceptionally fine shot.
Slumber Inc. Attendant: I didn't know there was a pool down there.
[after James Bond kills what appears to be a double of Ernst Stavro Blofeld, his cat runs away as another cat with a diamond leash arrives with the real Blofeld]
Blofeld: Right idea, Mr. Bond...
Bond: ...but wrong pussy.
[Mr. Wint and Mr. Kidd have sealed Bond into a coffin and observe it rolling into the crematorium furnace at Slumber Inc.]
Mr. Wint: Very......moving.
Mr. Kidd: Heartwarming, Mr. Wint.
Mr. Wint: A glowing tribute, Mr. Kidd!
Tiffany Case: Listen, you can drop me off at the next corner. This whole thing is getting a little out of hand. No regrets, but when you start stealing moon machines from Willard Whyte, Good bye and Good Luck!
James Bond: Just relax, I have a friend named Felix who can fix anything.
Case: Is he married? [after being pulled over by the sheriff; sarcastically] Relax, you've got a friend named Felix who can fix anything.
Bond: Unfortunately, so can Willard Whyte.
[Bond appears in the basement of the Whyte House, having been rendered unconscious by a gas trap in the elevator]
Mr. Wint: If at first you don't succeed, Mr. Kidd....
Mr. Kidd: Try, try again, Mr. Wint. [as they load Bond into the trunk of their car, to dump him in a pipe in the desert]
Tiffany Case: Darling, why are we suddenly staying in the Newlywed Suite at the Whyte House?
James Bond: In order to form a more perfect union.
MI6 Agent Hamilton: Whose funeral is it?
Bystander: Yours! [Stabs him. The six pallbearers carrying the coffin break from the procession, stop over Hamilton's corpse and lower the coffin over the body. When they lift it up, the body has disappeared, into the coffin. They rejoin the procession, at which point the tune becomes lively and the crowd erupts into dancing.]
M: I'm sure the over-burdened British taxpayer would be fascinated to know how its Special Ordinances section disperses its funds. In future, Commander, let me suggest a perfectly adequate watchmaker just down the street. [Bond activates the watch magnet, drawing M's teaspoon to it] Good God!
James Bond: You see, sir, by pulling out this button, it turns the watch into a hyper-intensified magnetic field. Powerful enough to even deflect the path of a bullet - at long range, or so Q claims...
M: I feel very tempted to test that theory right now!
Mr. Big: [to his men] Is this the stupid mother who tailed you uptown?
James Bond: There seems to be some mistake. My name is...
Mr. Big: Names is for tombstones, baby! Y'all take this honky out and WASTE HIM! NOW!
[Bond has just explained the first two Lover's Lessons to Solitaire]
Solitaire: Is there time before we leave, for Lesson number 3?
James Bond: [undressing] Of course. There's no sense going out half-cocked.
Sheriff J.W. Pepper: [to Bond] There's that son of a bitch. I got him. [to Felix] What are you? Some kinda doomsday machine boy? Well WE got a cage strong enough to hold an animal like you here!
Felix Leiter: Captain, would you enlighten the Sheriff please?
State Police Captain: Yes, sir. J.W., let me have a word with ya. [pulls the sheriff aside; quietly] J.W., now this fellow's from London, England. He's a Englishman workin' in cooperation with our boys, a sorta... secret agent.
Pepper: [loudly] Secret AGENT? On WHOSE side?
Tee-Hee: [on a telescopic wooden bridge to the crocodilian enclosure at the farm that Kananga produces heroin at; the bridge is being wound back by Adam] There are two ways to disable a croc, you know.
James Bond: [stranded on a little island in the enclosure's big lake] I don't suppose you'd care to tell me what they are.
Tee-Hee: One way is to take a pencil and jam it into the pressure hole behind his eye.
Bond: And the other?
Tee-Hee: Oh, the other way is twice as simple. [gets off the now wound-back bridge and hands the metal feeding tray to Adam as he shuts the gate] You just put your hand in his mouth [slides the gate's locking bolt into position] and pull his teeth out. [starts laughing loudly as he, Adam and the other two henchmen walk away to the laboratory]
[after Kananga has been exploded by the compressed air pellet]
Solitaire: Where's Kananga?
James Bond: He always did have an over-inflated opinion of himself.
Saida: Come in. [fixing her hair when Bond walks in]
James Bond: Good evening. My name is Bond, James Bond. Your dancing is superb and so are you.
Saida: Merci. And you are very handsome.
Saida: Let us forget the past.
James Bond: Oh, I was hoping you'd say that.
Saida: Are you staying long in Beirut?
James Bond: Depends.
[As Bond and Saida kiss, Bond moves his hand down her belly and try and pluck the bullet from her belly button. But Saida is wise to this and moves his hand away from it and places it on her back. Bond pats it. Then he "accidentally" knocks over one of her lipsticks.]
James Bond: Clumsy me. [As he bends down to pick it up, he begins to kiss her belly. Saida enjoys it.] You really do have a magnificent abdomen.
[Bond visits a man in Hong Kong who produces the golden bullets like the one he got from Saida]
Lazar: My relationship with a client Mr. Bond is strictly confidential, like a doctor or a priest.
James Bond: Of course, yet you make guns for fingerless hoodlums, bullets for assassins.
Lazar: Mr. Bond, bullets do not kill. It is the finger that pulls the trigger.
Bond: Exactly. [swings a rifle barrel toward Lazar's crotch] I am now aiming precisely at your groin. So speak or forever hold your piece.
Lazar: I have never seen Mr. Scaramanga.
Bond: On a cost-per-bullet basis he must be your best customer.
Lazar: That is true, but unfortunately he seems only to fire them occasionally.
[Bond steadies his aim]
Bond: When was the--uh--last shipment?
Lazar: Mr. Bond, this is impossible! I cannot...
[Bond fires, barely missing Lazar]
Bond: You're quite right....an inch too low. [reloads the rifle; Lazar, badly shaken, runs into a side room and returns with a cigarette pack full of gold bullets]
Lazar: I have just completed an order for immediate delivery.
Bond: Who collects them?
Lazar: I swear I do not know! My instructions are to go to the casino, I am paid, and they vanish!
Francisco Scaramanga: [after Bond has broken out of Hai Fat's karate school] What do they teach at that school? Belly dancing?
Hai Fat: I find nothing remotely amusing about Mr. Bond's escape.
Scaramanga: You underestimated him.
Fat: Even my influence does not extend into the British Secret Service. I shall lie low too. I do not intend to jeopardize a project in which I have invested half my fortune, when it is ready to yield billions.
Scaramanga: Where will you hide out?
Fat: That is not your concern. Now, take this... [he hands Scaramanga the SOLEX agitator] Return it to the plant and don't leave there without my permission. [he doesn't see Scaramanga assembling the Golden Gun] May I remind you that you work for me. I took you on as a junior partner to be an occasional convenience, nothing more. I did not pay you to interfere in my affairs. Is that clear?
Scaramanga: Yes, very clear.
Fat: I now regret having even considered employing your services, but that is beside the point. Bond doesn't know you're in Bangkok; he's never seen you. But he has seen me. That's the problem.
Scaramanga: That's no problem. [shoots Fat dead, then disassembles the Golden Gun as one of Fat's aides comes to investigate]
Aide: What happened?
Scaramanga: Mr. Fat has just resigned. I'm the new Chairman of the Board. [goes outside, looks over at Fat's family tomb] He always did like that mausoleum. Put him in it.
[Bond makes contact with Andrea Anders at a Muay Thai arena, but notices she's already dead. Scaramanga sits beside him as he tries to search her handbag for the SOLEX]
Francisco Scaramanga: You won't find it in there Mr Bond. I looked before you came. [senses Bond preparing to shoot him] I wouldn't do that either. Look behind you. [Bond looks behind him and doesn't see anything] Lower.
[Nick Nack is seated behind Bond with some peanuts and a gun]
James Bond: A gun in a bag of peanuts, how original! What will they think of next?
Francisco Scaramanga: When I was a boy, I was brought up in a circus. My only real friend was a huge, magnificent African bull elephant. One day, his handler mistreated him and he went berserk. Bleeding, dying, he came and found me, stood on one leg, his best trick, picked me up and put me on his back. The drunken handler came along and emptied his gun into his eye... I emptied my stage pistol into his!
[as he makes his monologue, Bond notices the SOLEX and orders peanuts from a seller, then gives the SOLEX to him by sleight of hand]
James Bond: An eye for an eye. Nut?
Scaramanga: You see, Mr. Bond, I always thought I liked animals. Then I discovered that I liked killing people even more. [Bond looks agape at him with the last few words]
Francisco Scaramanga: [on the dead Andrea Anders] Forget the girl, she's replaceable. But I shall find what she stole from me. Personally, I've got nothing against you, Mr. Bond, and to keep it that way, let us hope our paths never cross again. Please don't try to follow me.
James Bond: Your peanut-toting friend back there wouldn't like it?
Scaramanga: No, he wouldn't.
[Goodnight enters the dining room, wearing a bikini. Bond is surprised]
Francisco Scaramanga: Ah, Miss Goodnight.
Mary Goodnight: James!
James Bond: Aren't we a little overdressed, Goodnight?
Scaramanga: I like a girl in a bikini. No concealed weapons. [shows Goodnight to her chair] Miss Goodnight, please. Mr. Bond. [Bond sits next to her as Nick Nack places a tray on the table] Now, let's see what Nick Nack has for us. [he lifts the tray's lid] Ahh- mushrooms. [As he sits down across from Bond, Goodnight takes a hasty look at the mushrooms and glances meaningfully at Bond.])
Goodnight: The fried mushroom looks terribly interesting.
Bond: Yes, I noticed that- I'll get around to it later. [Scaramanga subtly places several pieces of his Golden Gun on the table as Nick Nack pours wine] Having fun in the sun, Goodnight?
Goodnight: [sarcastically] Yes- I could stay here forever. [Scaramanga watches them]
Bond: [tastes the wine, Scaramanga gives him an inquiring look] Mmm, excellent- slightly reminiscent of a '34 Mouton.
Scaramanga: [nods, pulls out a gold-plated pen that doubles as the barrel of the Golden Gun] Then I must add it to my cellar. [writes it down]
Bond: You live well, Scaramanga.
Scaramanga: At a million dollars a contract, I can afford to, Mr. Bond. You work for peanuts, a hearty well done from Her Majesty the Queen, and a pittance of a pension. Apart from that, we are the same. [raises his glass in a toast] To us, Mr. Bond. We are the best. [he and Goodnight drink, but Bond does not]
Bond: [coldly] There's a useful four letter word... and you're full of it. [Scaramanga sets down his wine, his expression cold] When I kill, it is on the specific orders of my government. And those I kill are themselves killers.
Scaramanga: Ha! [takes the various pieces of the Golden Gun and moves them into his lap, out of sight] Come, come, Mr. Bond, you disappoint me. You get as much fulfillment out of killing as I do, so why don't you admit it?
Bond: I admit killing you would be a pleasure.
Scaramanga: [smirks] Then you should have done that when you first saw me. But then, of course, the English don't consider it sporting to kill in cold blood, do they?
Bond: Don't count on that. [reaches for his gun, but Scaramanga raises his Golden Gun, which he has surreptitiously put together.]
Scaramanga: [quietly]... I could have shot you down when you landed, but that would have been ridiculously easy. [Bond slowly moves his hand away from his pistol] You see, Mr. Bond, like all great artists I want to create one indisputable masterpiece. The death of 007 -mano a mano, face to face- will be mine.
Bond: You mean, stuffed and displayed over your rocky mantelpiece?
Scaramanga: It's an amusing idea, but I was thinking more in terms of history. A duel between titans... my golden gun against your Walther PPK. Each of us a 50-50 chance.
Bond: Six bullets to your one?
Scaramanga: I only need one.
Bond: ...Sounds a bit old-fashioned, doesn't it? Pistols and dawn, that sort of thing?
Scaramanga: Indeed it is, Mr Bond. But it still remains the only true test, for gentlemen.
Bond: I doubt you'll qualify on that score. However, I accept. As soon as I finish this delicious lunch Nick Nack has prepared for us.
M: Moneypenny, where's 007?
Moneypenny: He's on a mission sir. In Austria.
M: Well, tell him to pull out. Immediately.
[scene cuts to Bond making love to a woman]
Q: Right. Now pay attention, 007. I want you to take great care of this equipment. There are one or two rather special accessories...
James Bond: Q, have I ever let you down?
Q: Frequently.
Stromberg: Well gentlemen, now that the moment has come to bid you farewell, I congratulate both you, Doctor, and you, Professor, on your brilliant work in the development of the submarine tracking system. Thanks primarily to you, I am happy to say that the first phase of our operation has met with considerable success. I have instructed my assistant to have paid into your Swiss bank account the sum of ten million dollars each.
Prof. Markovitz: Thank you, sir.
Dr. Bechmann: Thank you indeed.
Stromberg: And that, I think, concludes our business. Before you go, however, I very much regret to inform you that a dangerous development has recently been brought to my notice. Someone has been attempting to sell the plans of our tracking project to competing world powers; someone intimately associated with the project. [to his pretty young blonde assistant] My dear, it would perhaps be more seemly if you were to leave us. Thank you. [The young woman leaves and goes to an elevator. A trap opens under her and she is plunged into a shark tank, while Stromberg and the professors are watching her punishment on a screen] It was you who betrayed me!
Assistant: No!
Stromberg: You had access to all the information. And now you will pay the penalty. [closes the screen, leaving the assistant to her horrible death; to professors] Once again, gentlemen, my most profound thanks.
[after meeting in a bar and guessing each other's secret identities]
James Bond: The lady will have a... Bacardi on the rocks.
Major Anya Amasova: For the gentleman, vodka martini - shaken, not stirred.
James Bond: Touché.
...
Major Anya Amasova: Commander James Bond, recruited to the British Secret Service from the Royal Navy. Licensed to kill and has done so on numerous occasions. Many lady friends but married only once. Wife killed-
James Bond: All right, you've made your point.
Major Anya Amasova: You're sensitive, Mr. Bond?
James Bond: In some cases, yes.
James Bond: [Amasova has just used a Bond car gadget to kill an enemy] How did you know about that?
Major Anya Amasova: I stole the blueprints to this car two years ago.
[After discovering Bond killed her lover]
Bond: In our business, Anya, people get killed. We both know that. So did he. It was either him or me. The answer to the question is yes. I did kill him.
Anya: Then when this mission is over, I will kill you.
[Having infiltrated the Liparus, Bond takes out two guards inside a room where the British H.M.S. Polaris crew are kept]
Bond: Where's your captain?!
Commander Talbot: [climbs up] Here.
Bond: Release the other crews, then make for the armoury.
Commander Talbot: Right. [to crew] Follow me, men, on the double! [the British crew break out the US and Soviet sub crews]
[M and General Gogol recover an escape pod from Stromberg's lair but see Bond and Anya in bed together]
M: 007!
Gen. Gogol: Triple X!
Sir Frederick Grey: Bond, what do you think you're doing?
Bond: ...Keeping the British end up, sir. [closes the curtains]
Bond: Excuse me my name is Bond, James Bond. I'm looking for Dr. Goodhead.
Dr. Goodhead: You just found her.
Bond: A woman!
Dr. Goodhead: Your powers of observation do you credit, Mr Bond.
James Bond: Oh, I suppose you're right. We would be better off working together. Détente?
Dr. Holly Goodhead: Agreed.
James Bond: Understanding?
Goodhead: Possibly.
Bond: Co-operation?
Goodhead: Maybe.
Bond: Trust?
Goodhead: Out of the question.
Corinne Dufour: My mother gave me a list of things not to do on a first date...
James Bond: Maybe you won’t need it. That’s not what I came for.
Dufour: [disappointed] No? What do you want then?
[Later, when they are about to have sex]
Bond: What about that list of your mother's?
Dufour: I never learned to read.
[during a pheasant hunt, one of Drax's henchmen hides in a tree, waiting to shoot Bond. At Drax's prompt, Bond aims at some pheasants and fires]
Hugo Drax: You missed, Mr. Bond.
[The dead henchman falls from the tree, killed by Bond's shot.]
James Bond: [smugly] Did I? [returns shotgun] As you said: "Such a good sport."
Corinne Dufour: You called for me, Mr. Drax?
Hugo Drax: You were with Bond last night in my study.
Dufour: No! I...
Drax: You showed him the safe.
Dufour: I didn’t!
Drax: I’m terminating your employment. You will leave immediately.
[Drax has Chang release his dogs, which chase Corinne into the woods and kill her.]
Dr. Holly Goodhead: Have you broken something?
James Bond: Only my tailor's heart. [Goodhead kisses him] What was that for?
Goodhead: For saving my life.
Bond: Remind me to do it more often!
Hugo Drax: Why did you break up the encounter with my pet python?
James Bond: I discovered it had a crush on me.
[Drax holds off Bond with a laser pistol]
Hugo Drax: At least I shall have the pleasure of putting you out of my misery. [Bond raises his hands] Desolated, Mr Bond?
[Bond fires the dart gun in his wristband, hitting Drax in the chest with a poisonous dart]
James Bond: Heartbroken, Mr Drax. [Drax gasps and staggers back towards an airlock] Allow me. [he lets Drax into the airlock] Take a giant step for mankind!
[Bond expels Drax out the airlock into space, while Dr. Holly Goodhead arrives as the spaceship gets ready to self-destruct]
Dr. Holly Goodhead: Where's Drax?
Bond: Oh, he had to fly.
M: [watching Bond and Dr. Goodhead having sex in the space shuttle, via its onboard camera] Double O Seven...!
Sir Frederick Gray: My God, what's Bond doing?
Q: [looking at a radar screen] I think he's attempting re-entry sir. [Bond looks up and smiles at the camera before unplugging it]
[the movie's last lines]
Dr. Holly Goodhead: James?
James Bond: I think it may be time to go home.
Goodhead: Take me 'round the world one more time.
Bond: Why not?
Blofeld: Mr. Bond! Mr. Bond! We can do a deal! I'll buy you a delicatessen! In stainless steel!
[Bond grabs Blofeld's wheelchair using its landing skids]
Blofeld: Please! Put me down! Put me down!
James Bond: Oh? You want to get off? [drops Blofeld into a chimney]
Blofeld: MISTER BOND!!! [voice trails off on the way down]
Tanner: You were supposed to question Gonzales, not let Miss Havelock perforate him!
James Bond: I quite agree, sir.
Frederick Gray: I'm afraid we have to inform the Prime Minister that Operation Undertow is dead in the water. Why... she'll have our guts for garters!
[at a hotel room, Bibi Dahl gets naked under the sheets]
Bibi Dahl: That's a laugh. Everyone knows it builds up muscle tone.
James Bond: Well, how about you build up a little more muscle tone by putting on your clothes?
Dahl: Don't you like me?
Bond: [Wearily] Why, I think you're wonderful, Bibi... But I don't think your uncle Aris would approve.
Dahl: Him? He thinks I'm still a virgin.
Bond: Yes, well...you get your clothes on and I'll buy you an ice cream.
Countess Lisl von Schlaf: Oops! Me nightie's slipping.
James Bond: So's your accent, Countess. Manchester?
Von Schlaf: Close. Liverpool.
Bond: That was a rather amusing conversation between you and the owner of this. What exactly did Columbo whisper to you at the restaurant?
Von Schlaf: That you were a spy, and to find out more about you.
Bond: And have you?
Von Schlaf: Have I ever.
[Bond enters a confessional]
James Bond: Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.
Q: [in disguise as the priest] That's putting it mildly, 007!
[Bond, having completed his mission, is in no mood to speak with his superiors, but rather to go skinny dipping with Melina]
Melina Havelock: For your eyes only, darling.
[Melina and Bond's robes drop to the deck. At MI6 headquarters. Frederick Gray is communicating with Bond via his two-way wristwatch]
Frederick Gray: Good work Bond. Please stand by as we put you through to the Prime Minister.
[Bond hangs up wristwatch by the perch of Max the Parrot and goes swimming with Melina. Scene changes to 10 Downing Street]
The Prime Minister: [over the phone] Ah, Mr. Bond. I wanted to call you personally and to say how pleased we all are that your mission was a success. Thank you.
Max the Parrot: Thank you, thank you.
The Prime Minister: Don't thank me, Mr. Bond. Your courage and resourcefulness are a credit to the nation. Denis and I look forward to meeting you. Meanwhile, if there is anything I can do for you...
Max the Parrot: Give us a kiss, give us a kiss.
The Prime Minister: Well, really, Mr. Bond.
Tanner: I think we're having a little trouble with the line, madam.
Frederick Gray: [to Q] You idiot. Get on to him.
Q: 007. 007??
[Max knocks watch overboard]
Frederick Gray: Bond! Have you gone mad? What's going on? Bond. Bond! BOND!
Bond: Vijay, we've got company!
Vijay: No problem, this is a company car!
Bond: [hands Q his coat] Do you think you can help me? Someone seems to have stuck a knife in my wallet.
Q: Oh, and missed you? What a pity!
Bond: [looking at the tattoo on Magda's back] What is that?
Magda: That's my little octopussy.
Bond: So does he have a proposition for me or do you?
Magda: He suggest a trade. The egg... for your life.
Bond: Well, I heard the price of eggs was going up, but isn't that a little high?
[Vijay arrives to relieve Q as they monitor Octopussy's island palace from the lakeshore]
Vijay: Is he still there?
Q: You must be joking! Double-0-seven on an island populated exclusively by women? We won't see him till dawn!
Orlov: [enters the trailer, sees Bond in Mischka's clothes from behind] Leave that! Let's go.
Bond: [turns around, facing Orlov with pointed gun] No, let's stay. You. Sit on that box. Hands on your knees. Come on, move! Now why is that bomb on the train?
Orlov: Who are you?
Bond: I'm with British Secret Service.
[the scene cuts to two Russian soldiers having finished examining General Orlov's car with the jewel container inside the trunk and leaving to do their duty; the scene cuts again to Bond still holding General Orlov captive inside the trailer]
Orlov: You should be more concerned about getting out of here alive.
Bond: I am more concerned about an atomic bomb exploding on a United States Air Force base. You surely can't be inviting a full-scale nuclear war. What happens when the US retaliates?
Orlov: [grins] Against whom?
Bond: [frowning, realizing Orlov's scheme] My God. Of course. Our early-warning system will rule out the possibility of that bomb having come from Russia or anywhere else. Everyone will assume incorrectly that it was an American bomb triggered accidentally.
Orlov: That would be the most plausible explanation.
Bond: Europe will insist on unilateral disarmament, leaving every border undefended for you to walk across at will. And it doesn't matter a damn to you, I suppose, that thousands of innocent people will be killed in this little "accident" of yours?
Orlov: Better than letting a handful of old men in Moscow bargain away our advantage in disarmament talks!
Bond: On your feet, General. You're going to stop that train.
Orlov: [they hear hoot as the train starts to move off] It's too late.
Bond: You can stop it at the border. [the trailer door opens, revealing two Russian soldiers and Bond, having been caught, kills one soldier and escapes to avoid being killed by the other]
Orlov: [referring to Bond escaping from the Russian soldier, who is chasing him] Kill him!! Kill him!!
[General Gogol walks to a crawling General Orlov, who has just been shot by East German border guards, thinking he was trying to defect by chasing the Octopussy circus train]
Gogol: A common thief! A disgrace to the uniform!
Orlov: [weakly] Yes. But tomorrow, I shall be a hero of the Soviet... Union... [dies]
[at Feldstadt Air Base, Kamal Khan prepares to leave ahead of the expected nuclear explosion]
Kamal Khan: [to a USAF lieutenant-general] General, excuse me. I have some traveling arrangements to make. Enjoy the show.
US general: Thank you.
US aide: I'm sure the general will get a big blast out of this.
Khan: I know he won't be disappointed.
[Bond and Q float in a hot air balloon as Octopussy's troops raid Khan's lair]
Bond: I trust you can handle this contraption, Q?
Q: It goes by hot air.
Bond: Oh, then you can.
Khan: You seem to have a nasty habit of surviving.
Bond: Well, you know what they say about the fittest.
Q: Good to see you Mr Bond, things have been awfully dull around here...Now you're on this, I hope we're going to have some gratuitous sex and violence!
James Bond: I certainly hope so too.
M: Too many free radicals. That's your problem.
James Bond: "Free radicals," sir?
M: Yes. They're toxins that destroy the body and the brain, caused by eating too much red meat and white bread and too many dry martinis!
James Bond: Then I shall cut out the white bread, sir.
M: Oh, you'll do more than that, 007. From now on you will suffer a strict regimen of diet and exercise; we shall purge those toxins from you!
[Fatima Blush lands in James Bond's arms when she water-skis up the ramp to the bar]
Fatima Blush: Oh, how reckless of me. I made you all wet.
James Bond: Yes, but my martini is still dry. My name is James.
Maximilian Largo: Are you a man who enjoys games?
James Bond: Depends with whom I'm playing.
Maximilian Largo: Do you lose as gracefully as you win?
James Bond: I don't know, I've never lost.
James Bond: Is it far to the reef?
Fatima Blush: It's far enough. We've got time to kill.
James Bond: I just remembered ..I'm Not allowed to give out endorsements...
[Bond uses the comment to distract Fatima Long enough to shot at her with a pen-gun. She shoots at him and misses. The pen-gun projectile seems to fail..only red ink appears on her blouse.]
Fatima Blush: [Laughs] Guess where the next shot is...
[Before Fatima can shoot him, the projectile detonates, killing her.]
James Bond: "Not...Perfected...Yet...????
Emcee: Ladies and gentlemen, the beautiful Dominique.
[A beautiful woman in a pink leotard sings a song while butterfly puppets surround her]
Achille Aubergine: Perhaps we should add this "butterfly" to our collection, no? [chuckles]
James Bond: Tell me, why do Zorin's horses beat others with far superior bloodlines?
Aubergine: This is a mystery.
Bond: Could he be using drugs?
Aubergine: Nothing showed up in the tests. Later this month, Zorin will hold his annual sale at his stud near Paris. Security is formidable. But the key to this mystery is there. And I, Achille Aubergine, will intend to find it.
[elsewhere in the hall, May Day sets up a butterfly puppet to kill Aubergine by striking him in the neck]
Max Zorin: [the morning after Bond sleeps with May Day] You slept well?
James Bond: A little restless but I got off eventually.
[Zorin and his associates have captured James Bond]
James Bond: My department knows I'm here. When I don't report, they'll retaliate.
Max Zorin: If you're the best they've got, they're more likely to try and cover up your embarrassing incompetence.
Bond: Don't count on it, Zorin.
Zorin: [laughs] Ha ha, you amuse me, Mr. Bond.
Bond: It's not mutual.
General Gogol: Good morning, Comrade Zorin.
Zorin: General Gogol. This meeting is ill-advised.
Gogol: A calculated risk. But necessary, since you refused to answer your control.
Zorin: Come to the point, General.
Gogol: You disregard procedure. You did not request approval before eliminating 007. Reprisals might jeopardize ongoing operations.
Zorin: You jeopardized mine!! Letting the British penetrate the Siberian research center.
Gogol: That was regrettable. Your racing activities attract unnecessary attention, but more disturbing are your unauthorized commercial ventures, and we cannot tolerate that.
Zorin: The issue is irrelevant. I've made new associations. I no longer consider myself a KGB agent.
Klotkoff: We trained you. Financed you. Huh. What would you be without us? A biological experiment? [Zorin scoffs and chuckles] A physiological freak? [Zorin coldly glares at him]
[May Day lifts Klotkoff off the ground and over her head while Jenny Flex arrives and points a gun at the rest of General Gogol's men]
Gogol: [to his own men] Enough of this!! Control yourselves!! [May Day throws Klotkoff down to the ground while General Gogol confronts Zorin] You will come back to us, Comrade. No one ever leaves the KGB.
May Day: [In Zorin's dirigible looking at San Francisco] Wow! What a view...
Max Zorin: ...to a kill!
[Zorin and May Day bring Bond and Stacey Sutton to Chief Geologist Howe's office, where Howe is asked to call the police on a break-in.]
Chief Geologist WG Howe: What have they done?
Max Zorin: You discharged her, so she and her accomplice came here to kill you. Then they set fire to the office, to conceal the crime but they were trapped in the elevator [switches pistols with May Day] and perished in the flames.
Howe: But that means I would have to be...
Zorin: Dead! [shoots him; Jenny Flex appears at a nearby door. to Bond] That's rather neat, don't you think?
James Bond: Brilliant. I'm almost speechless with admiration.
Zorin: Intuitive improvisation is the secret of genius.
Bond: Herr Doktor Mortner would be proud of his creation.
[Zorin signals Flex to start dousing gasoline on Howe's office]
[at the mine]
Scarpine: It's time to flood the fault. [Zorin gets a remote detonator from Scarpine's hard case]
Bob Conley: But May Day and my men!
Zorin: Yes. A convenient coincidence.
Conley: Mr. Zorin, those men are LOYAL to you! [Scarpine knocks him out; Conley falls to the bottom of the cavern]
[After surviving the flood in the mines.]
May Day: And I thought that creep loved me!
James Bond: [sees a dead miner's body float by] You're not the only one he double-crossed.
[Bond is in the shower with Stacey and Q is using Snooper to spy on them. Phone rings]
Q: Hello?
Minister: Grandfather is calling Q. What's the situation?
Q: 007 alive.
Minister: Where is he? What's he doing?
Q: Just cleaning up a few details.
Stacey Sutton: Oh, James!
Linda: [into phone] It's all so boring here, Margo - there's nothing but playboys and tennis pros. [sighs] If only I could find a real man.
[James Bond, having just dispatched an assassin in a burning truck in mid-air, lands on the boat with a smoldering parachute]
James Bond: I need to use your phone. [into phone] She'll call you back.
Linda: Who are you?
Bond: Bond, James Bond. [into phone] Exercise Control, 007 here. I'll report in an hour.
Linda: [offering drink] Won't you join me?
Bond: [into phone] Better make that two.
James Bond: Cheer up, Saunders. The operation's a success. And officially, its still yours.
Saunders: I have no intention of leaving it at that, 007! I'm reporting to M that you deliberately missed! Your orders were to kill that sniper!
Bond: Stuff my orders! I only kill professionals. That girl didn't know one end of a rifle from the other. Go ahead, tell M what you want. If he fires me, I'll thank him for it. Whoever she was, it must've scared the living daylights out of her.
General Georgi Koskov: The sniper was a woman.
James Bond: I noticed.
Koskov: Some of the best KGB shots are women.
Bond: Um-hum.
Koskov: Did you...
Bond: I'd rather not talk about it.
[Bond confronts General Pushkin over Koskov's claims about him reactivating the Smiert Spionam directive]
Leonid Pushkin: You are professional. You do not kill without reason.
James Bond: Two of our men are dead. Koskov named you. Now why should I disobey my orders?
Pushkin: I am in the dark as much as you are. It is a question of trust. Who do you believe? Koskov, or me?
Bond: If I trusted Koskov we wouldn't be talking. As long as you're alive, we'll never know what he's up to.
Pushkin: Then I must die.
[General Pushkin visits arms dealer Brad Whitaker]
Brad Whitaker: [referring to his life-size statues of famous military commanders] How do you like my personal pantheon of great commanders?
Leonid Pushkin: Butchers.
Whitaker: Surgeons. They cut away society's dead flesh.
[as General Koskov and Necros bring Bond and Kara to Afghanistan]
General Georgi Koskov: I'm sorry, James. For you I have great affection, but we have an old saying: duty has no sweethearts.
James Bond: We have an old saying too, Georgi. And you're full of it.
[Bond and Kara have successfully defeated the guards at a Soviet airbase's brig]
Kara Milovy: You were fantastic. [embraces Bond] We're free.
James Bond: Kara, we're inside a Russian airbase in the middle of Afghanistan.
[Bond and Kara have just escaped the Soviet airbase, and Kamran Shah saves them on the way out. He talks to two men in a different language]
James Bond: What did you tell them?
Kamran Shah: I tell them you not Russian. They no kill you now.
Kara Milovy: Not now? How about later?
Bond: Don't worry, they'll save you for the hareem.
[General Pushkin and his men raid Whitaker's house and also capture General Koskov]
Leonid Pushkin: Put him on the next plane to Moscow...
General Georgi Koskov: Oh, thank you General, thank you so much...
Pushkin: ...in the diplomatic bag. [the Soviet troops haul off a startled Koskov]
Ed Killifer: You're facing 139 felony counts, Sanchez. Why that's 936 years. Even one of your famous $1-million-dollar bribes can't get you out of this one.
Franz Sanchez: Two.
Killifer: What?
Sanchez: Two million. U.S. Standing offer for anyone who squeaks me.
Killifer: Goddammit, you think you're in some banana republic?! All that scumbag money won't do you a bit of good here.
Sanchez: Very good, but I think I'm gonna be home soon, huh?
Killifer: Why you.....[attacks Sanchez before being restrained by his partner]
[M confronts Bond in Key West over his emotional response to what happened to Felix and Della]
M: You were supposed to be in Istanbul last night! I'm afraid this unfortunate Leiter business has, somehow... clouded your judgment. You have a job to do. I expect you on a plane this afternoon.
James Bond: I haven't finished here, sir.
M: Leave it to the Americans. It's their mess. Let them clean it up.
Bond: Sir, they're not going to do anything! I owe it to Leiter. He's put his life on the line for me many times before.
M: Oh, spare me this sentimental rubbish! He knew the risks.
Bond: And his wife?
M: This private vendetta of yours could easily compromise Her Majesty's Government. You have an assignment, and I expect you to carry it out objectively and professionally.
Bond: Then you have my resignation, sir.
M: We're not a country club, 007! Effective immediately, your licence to kill is revoked. And I require you to hand over your weapon. Now. I need hardly remind you that you're still bound by the Official Secrets Act.
Bond: Then I guess it's... farewell to arms.
[Bond knocks the other agents and escapes before a nearby sniper and the other MI6 agent try to shoot Bond down, but M stops the agent]
M: Don't! Too many people! [M sees his best agent running away from MI6 in Key West and is shocked to see this] God help you, commander.
[Killifer is dangling on a rope over a shark tank]
Ed Killifer: There's $2 million in that suitcase. I'll split it with you.
James Bond: [menacingly] You earned it. You keep it... old buddy!
[Bond throws the case at him, knocking Killifer into the water. A shark makes Killifer his next meal]
Sharkey: God, what a terrible waste. [Bond glares at Sharkey] Of money.
[Bond fins Q at his hotel room in Isthmus]
James Bond: This is no place for you, Q. Go home.
Q: Oh, don't be an idiot, 007. I know exactly what you're up to, and quite frankly, you're going to need my help. Remember, if it hadn't been for Q Branch, you'd have been dead long ago. [opens a case] Everything for a man on holiday. Explosive alarm clock - guaranteed never to wake up anyone who uses it. Dentonite toothpaste - to be used sparingly, the latest in plastic explosive.
Bond: I could do with some plastic.
[Kwang and his men, plus MI6 Agent Fallon, have captured James Bond after he tried to kill Sanchez at his casino office]
Kwang: Who would have a signature gun?
Fallon: James Bond. [examines the gun] This is the property of Her Majesty's Government. How did you get it?
James Bond: Go to blazes!
Kwang: Who ordered you to kill Sanchez?
Fallon: No one! He's a rogue agent. I've got orders to take him back one way or another.
Bond: Who the hell are you people?!
Kwang: We're Hong Kong Narcotics, you bastard! [grabs Bond] Sanchez is taking us to the heart of his operations. I've been setting it up for years! [menacingly] I just hope that little stunt of yours hasn't scared him off!
[Sanchez's army is at the hideout]
Bond: Get me out of these bloody things so I can deal with you.
Fallon: No, Commander. You're in no position to make deals. You're a loose cannon on deck. [prepares syringe] I'm shipping you straight back to London.
[Bond struggles until Sanchez's army attacks]
[Bond has destroyed a tanker]
Truman-Lodge: Brilliant! Well done, Franz! Another $80 million write-off!
Franz Sanchez: Then I guess it's time to start cutting overhead. [guns him down]
[Bond has destroyed all of Sanchez' tankers and has just emerged from the wreck of the last tanker]
Franz Sanchez: [sets up to hack Bond by machete] You could have had everything!
James Bond: Don't you want to know why? [briefly shows Sanchez his cigar lighter which says "James, love always. Della and Felix." Bond sets Sanchez on fire and escapes before the oil tanker explodes. He sees Pam driving a truck cab]
Pam Bouvier: What are you waiting for, get in!
Bond: Yes, sir! [gets in the truck and escapes with Pam]
[Bond is at the party having a phone call with Felix Leiter]
James Bond: I'll be up to see you next week.
Felix Leiter: Good. I'll be out by then. M called, he tried to reach you, I think he may have a job for you.
Bond: [sees Lupe] Look, Felix, I have to go, my, er, hostess has just arrived.
Leiter: Take care, James.
Bond: You too. Goodbye.
[Bond dives onto a pool to join Pam, who was distraught seeing him with Lupe]
Pam Bouvier: Why don't you wait until you're asked?
James Bond: So why don't you ask me?
Shadowy Figure: [points gun at Bond; in Russian] Don't even breathe. Where are the others? [Ни одного выздоха! Где ваши?]
James Bond: I'm alone.
[Shadowy figure reveals himself to be Alec Trevelyan]
Alec Trevelyan: Aren't we all? You're late, 007.
James Bond: I had to stop in the bathroom. [Referring to knocking out a soldier who was sitting on a toilet]
Alec Trevelyan: Ready to save the world again?
James Bond: After you, 006.
James Bond: It's too easy.
Alec Trevelyan: Half of everything is luck, James.
James Bond: And the other half?
[an alarm sounds]
Alec Trevelyan: Fate. Set the timers for six minutes.
James Bond: Six minutes, check.
Bond: It appears we share the same passions. Three, anyway.
Xenia Onatopp: I count two: motoring and, uh, baccarat. [sees Bond reveal a losing hand] I hope the third is where your real talent lies.
Bond: One rises to meet a challenge.
Bond: Good evening, Moneypenny.
Moneypenny: Good evening, James. M will meet you in the situation room, I'm to take you straight in.
Bond: I've never seen you after hours, Moneypenny. Lovely.
Moneypenny: Thank you, James.
Bond: Out on some kind of professional assignment, dressing to kill?
Moneypenny: I know you'll find this crushing, 007, but I don't sit at home every night praying for some international incident, so I can run down here all dressed up to impress James Bond. I was on a date, if you must know, with a gentleman. We went to the theatre together.
Bond: Moneypenny, I'm devastated. Whatever would I do without you?
Moneypenny: As far as I can remember, James, you've never had me.
Bond: Hope springs eternal.
Moneypenny: You know, this sort of behaviour could qualify as sexual harassment.
Bond: Really? What's the penalty for that?
Moneypenny: Someday you have to make good on your innuendos.
Bill Tanner: Seems your hunch was right, 007. It's too bad the Evil Queen of Numbers wouldn't let you play it- [Bond coughs to indicate M is right behind them: Tanner winces as they both turn to face her]
M: You were saying?
Tanner: No, I was just, just-
M: Good. Because if I want sarcasm, Mr. Tanner, I'll talk to my children, thank you very much.
M: [about the GoldenEye destruction of Severnaya] The Prime Minister's talked to Moscow; they said it was an accident during a routine training exercise.
Bond: Governments change. The lies stay the same.
M: We've pulled the files on anyone who might have had access or authority at Severnaya. The top name on the list is an old friend of yours, I understand.
Bond: Ourumov. They made him a general.
M: [about Ourumov] He sees himself as the next iron man of Russia, which is why our political analysts ruled him out. He doesn't fit the profile of a traitor.
Bond: Are these the same analysts who said that GoldenEye couldn't exist, who said the helicopter posed no immediate threat and wasn't worth following?
M: You don't like me, Bond. You don't like my methods. You think I'm an accountant, a bean counter more interested in my numbers than your instincts.
Bond: The thought had occurred to me.
M: Good. Because I think you're a sexist, misogynist dinosaur. A relic of the Cold War, whose boyish charms, though wasted on me, obviously appealed to that young woman I sent out to evaluate you.
Bond: Point taken.
M: Not quite, 007. If you think for one moment I don't have the balls to send a man out to die, your instincts are dead wrong. I've no compunction about sending you to your death. But I won't do it on a whim. Even with your cavalier attitude towards life. I want you to find GoldenEye, find who took it, what they plan to do with it, and stop it. And if you should come across Ourumov, guilty or not, I don't want you running off on some kind of vendetta. Avenging Alec Trevelyan will not bring him back.
Bond: You didn't get him killed.
M: Neither did you. Don't make it personal.
Bond: Never. [turns to leave]
M: Bond. [Bond stops and turns to her] Come back alive.
[Bond visits Q in his lab. Q is in a wheelchair, his left leg raised horizontally, wrapped in a cast.]
Bond: Morning, Q. Sorry about the leg. Skiing?
[A rocket shoots out of the cast, blasting against a wall on the other side of the lab.]
Q: Hunting!
[Q shows off a new gadget to Bond]
Q: A pen. This is a Class 4 grenade. Three clicks arms the four-second fuse... [clicks it three times] another three [clicks it three times again] disarms it.
Bond: [takes pen and quickly clicks it thrice] How long did you say the fuse was?
Q: [takes the pen and disarms it with a groan] Oh, grow up, 007.
Bond: They always said the pen was mightier than the sword.
Q: Thanks to me, they were right. [walks over to a dummy] Look, let's ask Fred here to demonstrate for us. Here we are. Sorry about this, Fred. One, two, three… [places the pen in Fred's shirt pocket, arms it, and runs to cover. The resulting explosion obliterates Fred from the waist up. to Bond] Don't say it!
Bond: …the writing's on the wall?
Q: [snickering] Along with the rest of him!
Bond: In London, April's a spring month.
Jack Wade: Oh yeah? And what are you, the weatherman? I mean, for crying out loud... another stiff-ass Brit, with your secret codes and your passwords. One of these days you guys are gonna learn just to drop it. C'mon, my car's over there.
Bond: After you.
Wade: Thank you.
[Bond comes up after Wade and traps him with the car door and draws his gun on him]
Bond: Like you said, "Drop it".
Wade: All right, in London April is a spring month, whereas in St. Petersburg we're freezing our butts off. Is that close enough for government work?
Bond: No. Show me the rose.
Wade: Please, no. [Bond shoves his gun into Wade] Alright, alright, alright. [unbuckles his pants and shows him his rose tattoo with the name "Muffy"]
Bond: Muffy?
Wade: Third wife. [sticks out his hand] Jack Wade, CIA.
Bond: [shaking Wade's hand] James Bond, stiff-ass Brit.
Zukovsky: Another morning shot to hell. [zips up a girl's dress] Free market economy, I swear it will be the end of me. [hears the click of Bond's gun at his head] Walther PPK, 7.65 millimetre. Only three men I know use such a gun... and I believe I've killed two of them.
Bond: Lucky me. [Another man aims at Bond's head]
Zukovsky: I think not.
[Bond has just discovered that "Janus" is none other than Trevelyan]
Bond: Alec?
Trevelyan: Back from the dead. No longer just an anonymous star on the Memorial Wall at MI6. What's the matter, James? No glib remark? No pithy comeback?
Bond: [stunned] Why?
Trevelyan: Hilarious question. Particularly from you. Did you ever ask why? Why we toppled all those dictators, undermined all those regimes only to come home - "Well done, good job, but sorry, old boy, everything you risked your life and limb for has changed."
Bond: It was the job we were chosen for.
Trevelyan: [scoffs] Of course you would say that. James Bond, Her Majesty's loyal terrier, defender of the so-called faith. [Bond draws his gun] Oh, please, James, put it away. It's insulting to think I haven't anticipated your every move.
Bond: [slowly lowers weapon] Yes. I trusted you, Alec.
Trevelyan: Trust. What a quaint idea.
Bond: How did the MI6 screening miss that your parents were Lienz Cossacks?
Trevelyan: Once again, your faith is misplaced. They knew. We're both orphans, James. But where your parents had the luxury of dying in a climbing accident, mine survived the British betrayal and Stalin's execution squads. But my father couldn't let himself or my mother live with the shame of it. MI6 figured I was too young to remember. And in one of life's little ironies, the son went to work for the government whose betrayal caused the father to kill himself and his wife.
Bond: Hence "Janus", the two-faced Roman god come to life.
Trevelyan: [gestures to his scars] It wasn't God who gave me this face. It was you, setting the timers for three minutes instead of six.
Bond: Am I supposed to feel sorry for you?
Trevelyan: No. You're supposed to die for me. By the way, I did think of asking you to join my little scheme, but somehow I knew that 007's loyalty was always to the mission, never to his friend. Closing time, James. Last call. [Bond is shot with a tranquilizer dart as Alec walks toward a fallen Bond] ...For England, James.
[at a cell in St Petersburg, Bond and Natalya are visited by a Russian official]
Official: Good morning, Mr. Bond. I'm Defence Minister Dimitri Mishkin. So, by what means shall we execute you, Commander Bond?
Bond: What, no small talk? No chit-chat? [to Natalya] That's the trouble with the world today. No one takes the time to do a really sinister interrogation anymore. [to Mishkin] It's a lost art!
Mishkin: Your sense of humour does not sway me, Commander, I'm sorry. Where is the GoldenEye?
Bond: I assumed you had it.
Mishkin: I have an English spy, a Severnaya programmer and a helicopter stolen...
Bond: Or at least that's what some traitor in your government wanted it to look like.
Mishkin: Who was behind your attack on Severnaya?
Bond: Who had the authorisation codes?
Mishkin: Russia may have changed, but the penalty for terrorism is still death!
Bond: And what's the penalty for treason?
Natalya: Oh, stop it, both of you! Stop it! You're like... boys with toys!
[Trevelyan and Xenia's private armored train has crashed. Bond assaults the train and seeks to kill Trevelyan, but is hesitant when Ourumov brings Natalya into the cabin.]
Trevelyan: So, back where we started, James. Your friend, or the mission? Drop the gun, I'll let her live.
Bond: [to Ourumov without looking away at Trevelyan] Ourumov, what does this Cossack promise you? [Ourumov's face changes] You knew, didn't you? He's a Lienz Cossack!
Trevelyan: It's in the past.
Bond: He'll betray you! [murmurs] Just like everyone else.
Ourumov: Is this true?
Trevelyan: [impatiently] What's true is that in 48 hours, you and I will have more money than God. And Mr. Bond here will have a small memorial service, with only Moneypenny and a few tearful restaurateurs in attendance.
Natalya: He was a friend, Trevelyan?
Bond: Yes.
Natalya: Now he's your enemy and you will kill him. It is that simple?
Bond: In a word, yes.
Natalya: Unless he kills you first?
Bond: Natalya...
Natalya: You think I'm impressed? All of you with your guns, your killing, your death, for what? So you can be a hero? All the heroes I know are dead. How can you act like this? How can you be so cold?
Bond: It's what keeps me alive.
Natalya: No. It's what keeps you alone.
[Bond observes Trevelyan activating the second GoldenEye satellite]
Bond: Interesting setup, Alec. You break into the Bank of England via computer and then transfer the money electronically just seconds before you set off the GoldenEye, which erases any record of the transactions. Ingenious.
Trevelyan: Thank you, James.
Bond: But it still boils down to petty theft. In the end, you're just a bank robber. Nothing more than a common thief. [Trevelyan glowers at him]
Trevelyan: You always did have a small mind, James. It's not just erasing bank records, it's everything on every computer in Greater London. Tax records, stock market, credit ratings, land registries, criminal records. In 16 minutes and 43, oh, 42 seconds, the United Kingdom will re-enter the Stone Age!
Bond: A worldwide financial meltdown. And all so mad little Alec can settle a score with the world, fifty years on.
Trevelyan: Oh please, James, spare me the Freud! I might as well ask if all the vodka martinis ever silence the screams of the men you've killed. Or if you find forgiveness in the arms of all those willing women for all the dead ones you failed to protect. England is about to learn the cost of betrayal, inflation adjusted for 1945.
[Bond is holding Trevelyan by his foot on top of the satellite antenna.]
Trevelyan: For England, James?
Bond: No. For me. [lets Trevelyan fall to his death]
Elliot Carver: Mr. Wallace, call the President. Tell him if he doesn't sign the bill lowering the cable rates, we will release the video of him with the cheerleader in the Chicago motel room.
Mr. Wallace: Inspired, sir.
Carver: And after he signs the bill, release the tape anyway.
Mr. Wallace: Consider him slimed.
[during an argument at MI6 headquarters]
Admiral Roebuck: That's preposterous! We know exactly where that ship was positioned! The GPS system - Global Positioning Satellites do not lie!
M: Yes, but our Singapore station picked up a mysterious signal - on the GPS frequency at the time of the attack. It could have sent that ship off course.
Roebuck: I have a missing British frigate-
M: I'm aware of that!
Roebuck: And instead of decisive action, all you want to do is-
M: My goal is to prevent World War III, Admiral, and I don't think sending an armada into the recovery area is the best way to do it.
Defense Minister: Where exactly did this mysterious GPS signal come from?
M: We're still investigating.
Roebuck: "Investigating". With all due respect, M, sometimes I don't think you have the balls for this job!
M: Perhaps. But the advantage is, I don't have to think with them all the time.
Defense Minister: That's enough. Now where do we stand?
Roebuck: It was an unprovoked attack held in international waters. We send in the fleet for recovery and prepare for full retaliation!
M: Moderation. We investigate and stop short of sending the entire British Navy within 10 minutes of the world's largest air force.
Defense Minister: When will our ships be in position?
Roebuck: 48 hours.
Defense Minister: Great. The press are already screaming for blood; the last thing we want to do is escalate the situation.
James Bond: [arrives with a copy of the Tomorrow newspaper] I'm afraid it may be too late to worry about that.
Defense Minister: [reads the paper] "Seventeen British sailors murdered"?! "According to Vietnamese officials who recovered the bodies, the victims were riddled with the same ammunition used by the Chinese Air Force."
M: Did you leak this?
Roebuck: No! This is the first I've heard of it.
Defense Minister: Well, this settles it. We send in the fleet. M, you have 48 hours to investigate.
James Bond: There is one strange thing. When I called our contact in Saigon, he said the Vietnamese only found our sailors three hours ago.
Charles Robinson: How did they get the paper out so fast?
James Bond: Somebody at Tomorrow knew before the Vietnamese government did.
M: How much do you know about Elliot Carver, 007?
James Bond: Worldwide media baron. Able to topple governments with a single broadcast. Carver owns that newspaper, Tomorrow.
M: I didn't want to discuss this in front of the Minister, but that mysterious signal came from one of Carver's satellites. The PM would have my head if he knew we were investigating him. [hands Bond a document containing his mission] I'm sending you to Hamburg, 007. We've arranged for you to be invited tonight to a party at Carver's media centre.
Charles Robinson: They're celebrating the launch of a new satellite, because now he has the ability to reach every human being on Earth.
M: Except the Chinese, who've refused broadcast rights.
Moneypenny: [rolls down her window and displays documents] James, your ticket, cover story and rental car reservation. Sign here, please.
M: [as Bond signs one of the documents] I believe you once had a relationship with Carver's wife, Paris?
James Bond: That was a long time ago, M. Before she was married. I didn't realise it was public knowledge.
Moneypenny: Queen and country, James.
M: Your job is to find out whether it was Carver or someone in his organisation who sent that ship off course and why. Use your relationship with Mrs. Carver if necessary.
James Bond: I doubt if she'll remember me.
M: Remind her. Then pump her for information.
Moneypenny: You'll just have to decide how much pumping is needed, James.
James Bond: If only that were true of you and I, Moneypenny.
[at the launch of the CMGN satellite network]
Elliot Carver: Anyway, there's absolutely no truth in this malicious rumour that I started running mad cow disease stories simply because Sir Angus Black, the great British beef baron, lost £10,000 to me in a game of poker and refused to pay up. Moreover, there's even less truth in the rumour I took a hundred million francs from the French to keep the stories running for another year.
Usherette: Excuse me, Mr. Carver.
Carver: Yes.
Usherette: This is the new banker, Mr?
James Bond: Bond. James Bond.
Carver: Another new banker. I seem to collect them. Tell me, Mr. Bond how's the market reacting to the crisis?
Bond: Well, currencies are off. Your stock is soaring.
[Bond approaches Paris at the launch party]
James Bond: I always wondered how I'd feel if I saw you again. [she turns around, looks at him, and slaps him] Now I know. Was it something I said?
Paris Carver: How about the words "I'll be right back"?
[Carver's men have caught Bond and Wai Lin in Vietnam, and brought them to Carver's tower in Saigon]
Elliot Carver: You may have seen the General in the hallway just now but perhaps, with all your jetting around, you've not had a chance to peruse today's headlines. [brings up newspaper scans on the large screens covering the wall: European English-language editions of Tomorrow with one headline CRISIS GROWS and another reading CHINA WARNS OF WAR. sees third news headline THE EMPIRE WILL STRIKE BACK, flanked by UK and Chinese flags] I rather like the last one. It isn't even mine!
James Bond: I never believe what I read in the press anyway.
Carver: Ha! Therein lies your problem, Mr. Bond. You see, we're both men of action, but your era and Miss Lin's is passing. Words are the new weapons, satellites the new artillery.
Bond: And you become the new Supreme Allied... Commander?
Carver: Exactly! Caesar had his legions, Napoleon had his armies, I have my divisions. TV, news, magazines. And by midnight I'll have reached and influenced more people than anyone in the history of this planet, [points up] save God Himself. And the best He ever managed was the Sermon on the Mount.
Bond: You really are quite insane.
Carver: The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
[as Bond and Wai Lin sail off to Ha Long Bay]
Wai-Lin: It's mostly dull routine, of course, but every now and then you get to sail on a beautiful evening like this. And sometimes work with a decadent agent of a corrupt Western power.
James Bond: And they say communists don't know how to have fun.
Wai-Lin: Well, I hate to disappoint you, but I don't even have a "little red book."
Carver: [explaining his plan] What you're about to witness, Miss Lin, is not so much a missile attack, but the launch of a new world order. In precisely five minutes, after your countrymen have attacked the British fleet, I shall retaliate for dear old England by sending this missile in to Beijing, where General Chang has called for an emergency meeting of the Chinese High Command. Unfortunately, General Chang will be 'delayed' in traffic, arriving just after the missile has killed your leaders, and too late to stop the air force from sinking the entire British fleet, but he will be just in time to take over the government, negotiate a truce and emerge as a world leader, with a Nobel Peace Prize.
Wai-Lin: And what do you get?
Carver: Me? Oh, nothing... just exclusive broadcasting rights in China for the next 100 years.
Gupta: [entering a code and contacting Carver via his walkie-talkie] Ready to rock and ruin.
Carver: [back to Lin] If you'll excuse me, I have something of a deadline to meet. Mr. Gupta?
Bond: [with a radio] Hello, Elliot. Interesting plan. I think I have something that belongs to you.
Carver: So much for German efficiency. Mr. Stamper!
Elliot Carver: Don't you realise how absurd your position is?!
James Bond: No more absurd than starting a war for ratings!
Carver: Great men have always manipulated the media to save the world. Look at William Randolph Hearst, who told his photographers "You provide the pictures, I'll provide the war". I've just taken it one step further.
Bond: [kills a henchman sneaking up on him] Sorry, I tuned out for a moment, Elliot.
Carver: Touché.
[Carver is gloating over a seemingly beaten Bond]
Elliot Carver: You're too late again, Mr. Bond. It's a bad habit. There's nothing you can do. The missile is fully programmed, it can't be stopped. In a matter of minutes, my plan will succeed, and thanks largely to your efforts, the British Navy will destroy the evidence. [Bond surreptitiously activates the sea-drill behind them] And I'll be out of here, in a Carver News helicopter covering the event. It's going to be a fantastic show!
James Bond: I may have some breaking news for you, Elliot. [Carver notices the approaching drill as it breaks through a window; Bond uses the distraction to overpower him] You forgot the first rule of mass media, Elliot! Give the people what they want! [Bond leaves Carver in the drill's path]
[as HMS Bedford searches for Bond and Wai Lin]
Wai Lin: They're looking for us, James.
James Bond: Let's stay under cover.
Miss Moneypenny: James! Have you brought me a souvenir from your trip? Chocolates? An engagement ring?
James Bond: I thought you might enjoy one of these. [gives Miss Moneypenny a cigar tube]
Miss Moneypenny: How romantic. I know exactly where to put that. [throws the cigar tube in the bin]
Bond: Oh Moneypenny, the story of our relationship: close, but no cigar.
[at Q's lab, Bond notices a bagpiper playing Amazing Grace]
Bond: I suppose we all have to pay the piper sometime, right, Q?
Q: Oh, pipe down, 007.
Bond: Was it something I said?
Q: No. Something you destroyed. My fishing boat [points to advanced skiff Bond earlier used] for my retirement away from you. [opens pool table. A platform arises, showing a man working on a BMW coupe. Bond and Q walk toward it] Now, I want to introduce you to the young fellow I'm grooming to follow me.
Man: [looks at Q and Bond] Oh... [man has lab gown stuck on the car door. Bond opens it.]
Bond: Helps if you open the door.
Man: And you might be?
Q: This is 007!
Bond: If you're Q, does that make him R?
R: Ah yes, the legendary 007 wit, or at least half of it.
[After R briefs Bond on his new equipment]
James Bond: You're not retiring anytime soon. [pause] Are you?
Q: I've always tried to teach you two things. First, never let them see you bleed.
Bond: And the second?
Q: Always have an escape plan. [presses button and goes down platform]
James Bond: Expecting Davidov? He caught a bullet instead of the plane. [grabs Renard and holds him at gunpoint] Get off and keep your mouth shut!
Renard: You can't kill me. I'm already dead.
Bond: Not dead enough for me.
Renard: You could show a little gratitude. I did spare your life at the banker's office. That's right; I couldn't kill you, you were working for me. You delivered the money, killed King and now you've brought me the plane.
Bond: What's your plan for the bomb?!
Renard: You first. Or could it be you don't have a plan?
Bond: That bomb will never leave this room!
Renard: Neither will you. How sad…to be threatened by a man who can't grasp what he's involved in.
Bond: Revenge is not hard to fathom for a man who believes in nothing.
Renard: And what do you believe in? Preservation of capital? [pulls away from Bond] Go ahead. Shoot me. I welcome it. My men will hear the shot and kill you.
Bond: And the firefight will bring down half the army from above.
Renard: But when a certain phone call isn't made in twenty minutes, Elektra dies.
Bond: You're bluffing.
Renard: She's beautiful, isn't she? You should have had her before, when she was innocent. How does it feel to know that I broke her in for you?
[Bond gets angry and pistol-whips Renard across the forehead. Renard falls to the ground]
Bond: [as he puts the silencer on his P99] I usually hate killing an unarmed man. Cold-blooded murder is a filthy business.
Renard: A man tires of being executed.
Bond: But in your case, I feel nothing, just like you.
Dr. Christmas Jones: Do you wanna explain why you did that? I could have stopped that bomb! You almost killed us!
James Bond: I did kill us. She thinks we're dead and she thinks she got away with it.
Jones: Do you want to put that in English for those of us who don't speak spy? Who's she?
Bond: Elektra King.
Jones: Well, why would she blow up her own pipeline?
Bond: It makes her look innocent. The explosion covers up the theft of the plutonium... and they make it look like a terrorist attack.
Jones: [takes a tin of plutonium out of her bag] But why leave this half?
Bond: So there's enough to spread around to cover up for the part that they did take.
Jones: But what are they gonna do with the other half? Its not enough to make a nuclear bomb.
Bond: You're the scientist; you tell me.
Jones: I don't know... but the world's greatest terrorist running around with six kilos of weapons-grade plutonium can't be good. I have to get it back, or somebody's gonna have my ass.
Bond: First things first.
Elektra King: [to Renard as she announces that she has captured M for him] Your present, courtesy of the late Mr. Bond.
Renard: My executioner.
M: Overpraise, I'm afraid. But my people will finish the job.
King: Your people? Your people will leave you here to rot. Just like you left me- you and my father.
M: Your father wasn't...
King: My father was nothing! The kingdom he stole from my mother, the kingdom I will rightly take back. [leaves]
M: I hope you're proud of what you did to her.
Renard: I'm afraid it is you who deserve credit. When I took her, she was promise itself. And then you left her at the mercy of a man like me. You made that happen. For what? To get to me? She's worth fifty of me.
M: For once, I agree with you.
Renard: Yes. And now we both share a common fate. You will die along with everyone in the city. Along with the bright, starry, oil driven future of the West. [Renard reaches for an alarm clock and holds it in his hands] Since you sent your men to kill me, I've been watching time tick away, marching towards my own death. Now you can have the same pleasure. Watch these hands, M. By noon tomorrow, your time is up. And I guarantee you, I will not miss.
Elektra King: I could have given you the world.
James Bond: The world is not enough.
King: Foolish sentiment.
Bond: Family motto.
[Bond has freed M and now has Elektra at gunpoint]
James Bond: [offering radio] Call him off. I won't ask again. Call him off. CALL HIM OFF! [Elektra is startled]
Elektra: [says into the walkie-talkie] Renard. [to Bond] You wouldn't kill me. You'd miss me.
Renard: [from the walkie-talkie] Yes?
Elektra: Dive! Bo- [Bond shoots her and she falls into her bed, dead. M sees the aftermath]
Bond: [coldly] I never miss.
[Bond and Renard battle in the submarine]
James Bond: You would commit suicide for her [Elektra]?
Renard: You forget, I'm already dead!
Bond: Haven't you heard? So is she!
Renard: [stunned] You're lying! [screams] LIAR!!
[Renard traps Bond and sets up his plutonium fuel rod on the reactor core. Bond sees a loose conduit, reattaches it, and selects the reactor cell where the fuel rod is, knowing it is at maximum pressure]
Bond: [he and Renard look at each other] She's waiting for you! [twists a knob and impales Renard with the fuel rod ejected at him]
[last lines]
James Bond: [in bed with Jones] I was wrong about you.
Dr. Christmas Jones: Yeah, how so?
James Bond: I thought Christmas only comes once a year.
Zao: I am Zao. You are late.
Colonel Moon Tan-Sun: Mr. Van Bierk! I've been looking forward to this meeting.
James Bond: Me, too. [takes off his sunglasses] My African military friends owe you many thanks, Colonel Moon. Few men have the guts to trade conflict diamonds since the UN embargo.
Moon: I know all about the UN. I studied at Oxford and Harvard. Majored in Western hypocrisy. [Bond glances at Colonel Moon's collection of imported sportscars]
Bond: From your modest little collection of cars, I would never have guessed.
Moon: Show me the diamonds.
Bond: Show me the weapons. [Zao picks up his radio]
Zao: [radios in Korean] Bring the weapons. [The gate opens and several hovercraft enter the compound]
Bond: Adding weapons in the Demilitarized Zone. That's a bit of a minefield out there.
Moon: America's cultural contribution. One million landmines, and my hovercrafts float right over them.
[The hovercraft carrying the weapons comes to a stop next to Bond]
Moon: RPGs, flamethrowers, automatic weapons, and enough ammunition to run a small war. My diamonds? [Bond starts to hand the briefcase to Moon. Zao grabs it and hands it to Moon's diamond analyst]
Zao: [in Korean] Check it over, quick. [The analyst opens the briefcase and looks at the diamonds]
Bond: Don't blow it all at once.
Moon: Oh, I have special plans for this consignment. [Zao checks his cell phone, and sees Bond's MI6 file on screen. He looks at Colonel Moon, who comes over]
Zao: [whispers] His name is James Bond, a British assassin. [Colonel Moon thinks about this. A moment later, he turns around and takes off his cap]
Moon: Mr. Van Bierk, let me show you something. [He hops on the hovercraft and is handed an XM29 launcher] Our new tankbuster. Depleted uranium shells, naturally.
James Bond: Naturally.
[Colonel Moon looks at Bond - and suddenly fires the launcher at Bond's helicopter, which explodes. Zao draws his pistol and holds it to Bond's head. Bond tries to draw his gun but is disarmed by another soldier]
Moon: How do you propose to kill me now, Mr. Bond? [Colonel Moon hops off the hovercraft] It's pathetic, that you British still believe you have the right to police the world. But, you will not live to see the day all Korea is ruled by the North.
[Bond has just shot M in the shoulder during a training exercise]
Q: Forgive my mentioning it, 007, but a perfect marksman isn't really supposed to shoot his own boss.
James Bond: Check the replay. You'll find he's dead and she's only got a flesh wound.
Q: There's always an excuse, isn't there, 00-Zero?
Bond: Give me the old firing range any day, quartermaster.
Q: Yes, well it's called the future, so get used to it.
James Bond: [Looking in Q's lab] So, this is where they keep the old relics, eh?
Q: I'll have you know, this is where our most cutting-edge technology is developed.
Bond: [Activates the knife in the briefcase used in From Russia With Love] Hmm, point taken.
Q: Must you touch everything?
Bond: [Notices the jet-pack from Thunderball] Does this still work?
[Bond turns on the jet-pack, which starts to take off. Q quickly grabs it and shuts it down]
Q: Now, look-
Bond: So where is this cutting-edge stuff?
Q: I'm trying to get to it!
Q: [Presses a button on his remote] Your new transportation.
[A bare transport platform glides into the station]
James Bond:... Maybe you've been down here too long.
Q: The ultimate in British engineering. [Walks onto the platform. His image distorts around whatever is on the platform]
Bond: You must be joking!
Q: As I learned from my predecessor, Bond, I never joke about my work. Aston Martin calls it the Vanquish, we call it "The Vanish." [Presses a button, exposing a new sportscar]
Bond: Oh, very good.
Q: Adaptive camouflage. Tiny cameras on all sides project the image they see onto a light-emitting polymer skin on the other side. See, to the casual eye, it's as good as invisible. Plus, all the usual refinements: ejector seat, torpedoes, target-seeking shotguns to shoot down mobile objects. [Reaches into the car, pulls out a big manual, handing it to Bond] Why don't you acquaint yourself with the manual? You should be able to shoot through that in a couple hours. [Bond tosses the manual in the air. The activated target-seeking shotguns promptly blast it to pieces]
Bond: Just took a few seconds, Q.
Q: Wish I could make you vanish.
James Bond: You looked like a man on the edge of losing control.
Gustav Graves: It's only by being on the edge that we know who we really are- under the skin. Take your Donald Campbell; 1967, the Bluebird, water speed record.
Bond: Of course. Campbell died on his return run.
Graves: Yeah, but he died chasing a dream. Isn't that the way to go?
Bond: I'd rather not go at all. I see you don't chase dreams: you live them.
Graves: One of the virtues of never sleeping, Mr. Bond. I have to live my dreams. Besides, plenty of time to sleep when you're dead.
Bond: You know, I've missed your sparkling personality.
Zao: [punches him in the stomach.] How's that for a punchline?
Miranda Frost: Hah! I can read your every move!
[Jinx stabs Miranda with a knife embedded in a copy of Sun Tzu's "The Art of War"]
Jinx: Read THIS... [kicks the knife in Miranda's chest] bitch!
[Bond is about to get thrown out of a plane by Graves.]
Graves: Oh, look - parachutes for the both of us! [throws one out of the plane with sarcastic glee] Whoops, not anymore! [dons his own parachute and grabs Bond by the throat] You see, Mr. Bond, you can't kill my dreams... but my dreams can kill you! Time to face destiny.
Bond: [yanks Graves' parachute cord] Time to face gravity. [Graves is sucked out of the plane and into one of its engines.]
Bond: M really doesn't mind you earning a little money on the side, Dryden. She'd just prefer if it weren't selling secrets.
Dryden: If the theatrics are supposed to scare me, you have the wrong man, Bond. If M was so sure I was bent, she'd have sent a 00. Benefits of being Section Chief. I'd know of anyone being promoted to 00 status, wouldn't I? Your file shows no kills. And it takes--
Bond: Two.
Dryden: [pulls his gun on Bond; smiles] Shame. We barely got to know each other. [pulls the trigger, but nothing happens.]
Bond: [holds up the gun's magazine] I know where you keep your gun. I suppose that's something.
Dryden: True. How did he die?
Bond: Your contact? Not well.
Dryden: Made you feel it, did he? Well...you needn't worry. The second is--
[Bond draws his gun and shoots him dead]
Bond: Yes. Considerably.
Steven Obanno: Do you believe in God, Mr. Le Chiffre?
Le Chiffre: No. I believe in a reasonable rate of return.
[M comes home to find Bond waiting for her]
M: You've got a bloody cheek.
Bond: Sorry. I'll shoot the camera first next time.
M: Or yourself. You stormed into an embassy. You violated the only absolutely inviolate rule of international relationships, and why? So you could kill a nobody. We wanted to question him, not to kill him! [Angrily throws down a newspaper headlined MI6 KILLS UNARMED PRISONER onto a table in front of Bond] For God's sake, you're supposed to display some kind of judgment.
Bond: I did. I thought one less bomb maker in the world would be a good thing.
M: Exactly. One bomb maker. We're trying to figure out how an entire network of terrorist groups is financed and you give us one bomb maker. Hardly the big picture, wouldn't you say? The man isn't even a true believer; he's a gun for hire. And thanks to your overdeveloped trigger finger, we have no idea who hired him, or why. And how the hell did you find out where I lived?
Bond: Same way I found out your name. I thought "M" was a randomly assigned letter. I had no idea it stood for--
M: [interrupts Bond] Utter one more syllable, and I'll have you killed. [Bond remains silent in agreement] I knew it was too early to promote you.
Bond: Well, I understand 00's have a very short life expectancy, so your mistake will be short-lived.
M: Bond, this may be too much for a blunt instrument to understand, but arrogance and self-awareness seldom go hand-in-hand.
Bond: So you want me to be half monk, half hit-man?
M: Any thug can kill. I want you to take your ego out of the equation, and to judge the situation dispassionately. I need to know that I can trust you, and that you know who to trust...and since I don't know that, I need you out of my sight. Go and stick your head in the sand somewhere and think about your future, because these bastards want your head. And I'm seriously considering feeding you to them. [Bond heads for the elevator] And Bond...don't ever break into my house again.
Bond: Ma'am.
Villiers: [calling M up in the middle of the night] He's in the Bahamas.
M: You woke me to share his holiday plans?
Villiers: He's logged into our secure website, using your name and password.
M: How the hell does he know these things?
[Vesper Lynd sits opposite James Bond on the train to Montenegro]
Vesper Lynd: I'm the money.
James Bond: Every penny of it.
[Vesper hands him her business card]
Vesper: The Treasury has agreed to stake you in the game.
Bond: [reading the card] Vesper? I do hope you gave your parents hell for that.
Vesper: So, you're telling me it's a matter of probability and odds? I was worried there wasn't chance involved.
Bond: Well, only if you assume the player with the best hand wins.
Vesper: So there will be what you call bluffing?
'Bond: [smiles] You've heard the term? [Vesper smiles back] Then you'll know that in poker you never play your hand...you play the man across from you.
Vesper: And you're good at reading people?
Bond: Yes I am. Which is why I've been able to detect an undercurrent of sarcasm in your voice.
Vesper: I'm now assured our money is in good hands.
Bond: You don't think this is a very good plan, do you?
Vesper: So there is a plan? I got the impression we were risking millions of dollars and hundreds of lives on a game of luck. What else can you surmise, Mr. Bond?
Bond: About you, Miss Lynd? Well, your beauty's a problem. You worry you won't be taken seriously.
Vesper: Which one can say of any attractive woman with half a brain.
Bond: True, but this one overcompensates by wearing slightly masculine clothing. Being more aggressive than her female colleagues. Which gives her a somewhat prickly demeanor, and ironically enough, makes it less likely for her to be accepted and promoted by her male superiors, who mistake her insecurities for arrogance. Now, I'd have normally gone with "only child," but, umm, you see, by the way you ignored the quip about your parents…I'm going to have to go with "orphan."
[Long pause]
Vesper: All right…by the cut of your suit, you went to Oxford or wherever. Naturally you think human beings dress like that. But you wear it with such disdain, my guess is you didn't come from money, and your school friends never let you forget it. Which means that you were at that school by the grace of someone else's charity; hence that chip on your shoulder. And since your first thought about me ran to "orphan," that's what I'd say you are.
[Bond smiles]
Vesper: Oh, you are? I like this poker thing. And that makes perfect sense! Since MI6 looks for maladjusted young men, who give little thought to sacrificing others in order to protect queen and country. You know… former SAS types with easy smiles and expensive watches. [she glances at his wrist] Rolex?
Bond: Omega.
Vesper: Beautiful. Now, having just met you, I wouldn't go as far as calling you a cold-hearted bastard…
Bond: No, of course not.
Vesper: But it wouldn't be a stretch to imagine. You think of women as disposable pleasures rather than meaningful pursuits. So, as charming as you are, Mr. Bond, I will be keeping my eye on our government's money and off your perfectly formed arse.
Bond: [smiles ironically] You noticed.
Vesper: Even accountants have imagination. How was your lamb?
Bond: Skewered. One sympathises.
[pause]
Vesper: Good evening, Mr. Bond.
Bond: Good evening, Miss Lynd.
[Bond and Vesper read up on their cover identities, "Arlington Beech" and "Stephanie Broadchest"]
Bond: We've been involved for quite a long while, hence the shared suite.
Vesper: But my family is strict Roman Catholic, so for appearance's sake, it'll be a two-bedroom suite.
Bond: [sarcastically] I do hate it when religion comes between us.
Vesper: Religion and a locked door. Am I going to have a problem with you, Bond?
Bond: Don't worry. You're not my type.
Vesper: Smart?
Bond: Single.
[Bond brings in a beautiful purple dress and hangs it on the bathroom door]
Vesper: Something you expect me to wear?
Bond: When you walk in and kiss me wearing that, the other players will be thinking of your neckline rather than their cards. Do you think you could do that for me?
Vesper: [sarcastically] I'll do my best.
Bond: Thank you.
[Bond walks out of the bathroom and notices a dinner jacket lying on his bed. He walks back into the bathroom, holding the dinner jacket]
Bond: I have a dinner jacket.
Vesper: There are dinner jackets and dinner jackets; this is the latter. And I need you looking like a man who belongs at that table.
Bond: How?… It's tailored.
Vesper: I sized you up the moment we met.
[A bartender comes to the poker table to take drink orders.]
Bond: Dry martini.
Bartender: Oui, monsieur.
Bond: Wait. Three measures of Gordon's, one of vodka, half a measure of Kina Lillet. Shake it over ice and add a thin slice of lemon peel.
Bartender: Yes, sir.
Tomelli: You know, I'll have one of those.
Infante: So will I.
Bartender: Yes, sir.
Felix Leiter: My friend, bring me one as well. Keep the fruit.
Le Chiffre: [annoyed] That's it? Hmm? Anyone want to play poker now?
Leiter: Someone's in a hurry.
Le Chiffre: You've changed your shirt, Mr. Bond. I hope our little game isn't causing you to perspire.
Bond: A little. But I won't consider myself to be really in trouble until I start weeping blood.
Bond: Vodka martini.
Bartender: Shaken or stirred?
Bond: Do I look like I give a damn?
[Leiter stops Bond on his way to killing Le Chiffre]
Leiter: I should have introduced myself, seeing as we're related. Felix Leiter, a brother from Langley. [sees the knife in Bond's hand] You should have faith. As long as you keep your head about you, I think you have him.
Bond: Had. Excuse me.
Leiter: You're not buying in?
Bond: No.
Leiter: Listen, I'm bleeding chips. I'm not going to last much longer. You have a better chance. I'll stake you. I'm saying I'll give you the money to keep going. Just one thing: you pull it off, the CIA bring him in.
Bond: What about the winnings?
Leiter: Does it look like we need the money?
[Bond sips his drink.]
Bond: You know, I think I'll call that a "Vesper."
Vesper Lynd: Because of the bitter aftertaste?
Bond: No. Because once you've tasted it, it's all you want to drink. [Vesper laughs] I thought it was a quite a good line.
Vesper: It was a very good line.
Bond: But you're laughing at it.
Vesper: Not so much it, as you.
Bond: [chuckles] Oh, well, that's fine, then. [pauses and looks at Vesper's necklace] I've figured out what that is. It's an Algerian Love Knot.
Vesper: Really? I just thought it was something pretty.
Bond: No you didn't. Someone gave that to you. [pause] He's a very lucky man.
Vesper Lynd: It doesn't bother you, killing those people?
Bond: I wouldn't be very good at my job if it did.
Vesper: I don't believe you. You've got a choice, you know. Just because you've done something doesn't mean you have to keep doing it.
Bond: Why is it that people who can't take advice always insist on giving it?
Vesper: You think I can't take my own advice?
Bond: I think something is driving you. And I don't think I'll ever find out what that is.
[Bond has been stripped naked, tied to a bottomless chair, and tortured with repeated lashes to the testicles from Le Chiffre's knotted rope in order to force him to reveal the password for the Swiss bank account.]
Le Chiffre: Miss Lynd will give me the account number, if she hasn't already, so all I need from you is the password.
[Bond glares icily at Le Chiffre.]
[sternly] The password, please.
Bond: [defiantly] I've got a little itch… down there. Would you mind?
[Le Chiffre whips Bond's testicles.]
Bond: [screams in agony] No! No! No! No…TO THE RIGHT, TO THE RIGHT, TO THE RIGHT!
Le Chiffre: You are a funny man, Mr. Bond. [lashes him again]
Bond: [screams in pain] Yes, yes, yes! [starts laughing maniacally] Now the whole world's gonna know that you died scratching my balls!
Le Chiffre: I died? I died?
Bond: Yes, because no matter what you do, I'm not going to give you the password, which means your clients are going to hunt you down and cut you into little pieces of meat while you're still breathing! Because if you kill me, there'll be nowhere left to hide.
Le Chiffre: Oh, but you are SO WRONG! Because even after I slaughter you and your little girlfriend, your people would still welcome me with open arms! Because they need what I know.
Bond: [resigned] The big picture.
[From the other room, Vesper screams - Bond and Le Chiffre notice it]
Le Chiffre: Yes. Now give me the password, and I will at least let her live. [slaps him on the cheek] Come on, Bond. Do it soon enough and she might even be in one piece.
[Bond starts laughing]
Le Chiffre: You're really not going to tell me, are you?
Bond: No.
[Le Chiffre knocks Bond on his back and brandishes a knife]
Le Chiffre: Then…I think I'll feed you what you seem not to value.
[Suddenly, two gunshots are heard and Mr. White charges into the room, pointing a gun at Le Chiffre]
Le Chiffre: I'll get the money. Tell them I'll get the money.
Mr. White: Money isn't as valuable to our organization as knowing who to trust. [Mr. White shoots Le Chiffre dead]
[At the Lake Como hospital, Vesper is sitting, smiling and looking at James who is asleep. He wakes up and smiles]

Bond: Hm. Hello.
Vesper: [softly] Hello.
Bond: You alright?
Vesper: I can't resist waking you. Every time I do, you look at me as if…you haven't seen me in years. Makes me feel reborn.
Bond: If you'd have just been born, wouldn't you be naked?
Vesper: You have me there. [whispers in his ear] You can have me anywhere.
[Bond touches her arm]
Bond: I can?
Vesper: Yeah. Here, there. Anywhere you like.
Bond: Does this mean that you're…warming to me?
Vesper: Yeah. That's how I would describe it.
Bond: It's just that not so long ago, I would have described your feelings towards me as, um…well, I'm trying to think of a better word than "loathing".
Vesper: I'm afraid I'm a complicated woman.
Bond: That is something to be afraid of.
[They are about to kiss, but Mr. Mendel runs up to them, carrying a silver briefcase]
Mendel: Hello!
Bond: Urgh, perfect timing.
Vesper: Oh - Monsieur Mendel. How are things in Switzerland?
Mendel: My apologies. I do not need to rush, but 120 million is a large sum of money.
Bond: It certainly is. You didn't bring any chocolates with you?
Mendel: I'm afraid not. [laughs] If you would type in the account number? [Vesper does so] And now the password.
Bond: You can do that.
Vesper: I would if I knew what it was.
Bond: V-E-S-P-E-R. [As he says more letters, Vesper realises, turns and smiles. She types the password]
Mendel: The funds have now been transferred. Sorry for disturbing you. Thank you. Auf Wiedersehen.
Bond: Auf Wiedersehen, Herr Mendel.
[Mendel leaves. Vesper looks upset and turns to face Bond]
Vesper: You know, James…I want you to know that if all that was left of you was your smile, and your little finger, you'd still be more of a man than anyone I've ever met.
Bond: That's because you know what I can do with my little finger.
Vesper: I have no idea.
Bond: But you're aching to find out.
Vesper: You're not going to let me in there, are you? You've got your armour back on. That's that.
Bond: I have no armour left. You've stripped it from me. Whatever is left of me… [Vesper puts her hand on his cheek] whatever is left of me, whatever I am…I'm yours.
[They kiss]
Vesper: Does everyone have a tell?
Bond: Yes. Everyone. Everyone except you. I wonder if that's why I love you.
Vesper: You love me?
Bond: Enough to float around the world with you until one of us has to find an honest job. Which I think is going to have to be you, because I have no idea what an honest job is.
Vesper: You're serious?
Bond: It's like you said. You do what I do long enough, there won't be any soul left to salvage. I'm leaving with what little I have left. Is that enough for you?
[Vesper kisses him]
[on the phone]
M: She had a boyfriend. A French Algerian. They were very much in love. He was kidnapped by the organisation behind Le Chiffre. And they blackmailed her, threatening to kill him unless she co-operated. We should have picked up on it, but sometimes we pay so much attention to our enemies, we forget to watch our friends. How are you doing?
Bond: She left her cell phone. She must have known I'd check it.
M: Hm, she knew you were you. [pause] Well, at least this clears Mathis.
Bond: No.
M: No?
Bond: No. It would have proved that she's guilty, not that he's innocent. It could have been a double-blind. Keep sweating him.
[pause]
M: You don't trust anyone, do you, James?
Bond: No.
[pause]
M: Then you've learnt your lesson. Get back as soon as you can. We need you.
Bond: Will do.
[pause]
M: If you do need time…
Bond: Why should I need more time? The job's done, and the bitch is dead.
M: James? Did you ever ask yourself why you weren’t killed that night? Isn’t it obvious? She made a deal to spare your life in exchange for the money. I’m sure she hoped they would let her live. but she must have known she was going to her death. And now we’ll never know who was behind this, the trail’s gone cold.
[last lines of the film: Mr. White answers a call on his phone]
Mr. White: Hello?
Bond: Mr. White? We need to talk.
Mr. White: Who is this?
[White is suddenly shot in the leg, and drops to the ground screaming in pain. He drags himself toward the house, but he is stopped at the steps…and looks up to see Bond with Vesper's phone in his left hand and a Heckler & Koch UMP sub-machine gun in his right hand]
Bond: The name's Bond. James Bond.
M: The Americans are going to be none too pleased about this.
James Bond: I promised them Le Chiffre and they got Le Chiffre.
M: They got his body.
James Bond: If they wanted his soul, they should have made a deal with a priest.
M: Vesper's boyfriend, Yusef Kabira, the one who was abducted in Morocco, the one she was trying to save. "His body" was washed up on a beach in Ibiza. [displays an image of Yusef with scars] We're meant to believe the fish did that to his face. His wallet and ID were in his pocket.
James Bond: Well, that's convenient.
M: Quite. Which is why I did a DNA check on a lock of his hair found in Vesper's apartment. It's not him.
James Bond: A lock of his hair? I wouldn't have thought Vesper the sentimental type.
M: Well, we never really know anyone, do we? But I do need to know, Bond. I need to know I can trust you.
James Bond: And you don't?
M: Well, it'd be a pretty cold bastard who didn't want revenge for the death of someone he loved.
James Bond: You don't need to worry about me. I'm not going to go chasing after him. He's not important. [he drinks] And neither was she.
James Bond: Are you going to tell us who you work for?
Mr. White: I was always very interested to meet you. I'd heard so much about you from Vesper. In fact, the real shame is that if she hadn't killed herself, we would have had you too. I think you would have done anything for her.
M: You know you're not in Britain, and goodness knows where you will be tomorrow. Which should tell you that eventually, you will tell us about the people you work with. And the longer it takes, the more painful we'll make it.
Mr. White: [laughs] You really don't know anything about us, do you? It's so amusing, because we are on the other side, thinking "Oh, the MI6, the CIA, they're watching over our shoulders, they're listening to our conversations." And the truth is, you don't even know we exist!
M: We do now, Mr White, and we're quick learners.
Mr. White: Oh, really? Well, then, the first thing you should know about us is that we have people everywhere. Am I right?
[M's bodyguard, Mitchell, gets out a gun and starts firing shots]
Camille Montes: Friend of yours?
James Bond: I don't have any friends.
Tanner: I've got Bond.
M: Ask him about Slate.
Tanner: She wants to know about Slate.
Bond: Tell her Slate was a dead end.
Tanner: Slate was a dead end.
M: Damn it, he killed him!
M: [cut off from Gregory Beam while investigating Greene] He's a person of extreme interest.
Tanner: But he just said he wasn't.
M: Tanner, I asked about the man and got transferred to the Section Chief of South America. How would she know to do that if they weren't tracking him?
M: If you could avoid killing every possible lead, it would be deeply appreciated.
James Bond: Yes, ma'am. I'll do my best.
M: I've heard that before.
M: You killed a man in Brigenz.
James Bond: I did my best not to.
M: You shot him at point blank and threw him off a roof. I would hardly call that showing restraint!
Felix Leiter: You know who Greene is, and you want to put us in bed with him. You're kidding, right?
Gregg Beam: Yeah, you're right - we should only deal with nice people. [pause] I need to know you’re on the team, Felix. I need to know that you value your career.
(Bond looks at a photo of him with Vesper Lynd, as Rene Mathis gets up from his seat to look after Bond, who then pockets the photo in his suit)
Rene Mathis: You can't sleep? (to the in-flight bartender) May I fix you a drink, sir? (to Bond) What are you drinking?
James Bond: I don't know, what am I drinking?
Bartender: Three measures of Gordon's gin, one of vodka, half a measure of Kina...
Rene Mathis: (to the bartender) Kina Lillet.
Bartender: Kina Lillet, which is not Vermouth. Shaken well until it is ice-cold, then served with a large thin slice of lemon peel.
Rene Mathis: [In Italian] This man had me kidnapped and tortured, and you serve him fine wine?
Gemma: [in Italian] You only buy cheap wine. [Bond laughs] Anyway, after you were found innocent, they bought you this villa, so you really owe him, don't you think?
Rene Mathis: [In Italian, irritably] Gemma, go work on your tan.
Dominic Greene: You just cost me quite a bit of money, darling.
Camille Montes: You can't put a price on integrity.
Dominic Greene: I can try. Tell me you didn't drop by tonight just to piss on my parade. Or are you still after this general's head for your mantel?
Camille Montes: A bit of both.
[Mathis has just been mortally wounded]
Rene Mathis: Please, stay with me. Stay here, please. Please.
[Bond puts an arm around him]
James Bond: Come here. It's okay.
Rene Mathis: That's better. That doesn't hurt.
James Bond: Is Mathis your cover name?
Rene Mathis: Yes.
James Bond: Not a very good one, is it?
Rene Mathis: Do we forgive each other?
James Bond: I shouldn't have left you alone.
Rene Mathis: Do you forgive Vesper? [Bond looks away] She gave everything for you. Forgive her. Forgive yourself. [dies]
Camille Montes: So, what's your interest in Greene?
James Bond: Among other things, he tried to kill a friend of mine.
Camille Montes: A woman?
James Bond: Yes. But it's not what you think.
Camille Montes: Your mother?
James Bond: She likes to think so.
Foreign Secretary: What's today's excuse, that Bond is "legally blind"?
M: No, minister.
Foreign Secretary: I don't think I need to tell you how upset the PM is.
M: With respect, the PM does have my direct line.
Foreign Secretary: And he'd have used it if he wanted to speak to you. I'm sorry, M, things have changed. We've had long discussions with our cousins. Mr Greene's interests and ours now align.
M: Minister, this man is a major player in one of the most dangerous and powerful organisations-
Foreign Secretary: We've never even heard of. Foreign policy cannot be conducted on the basis of hunches and innuendo.
M: Then give us time to gather enough evidence, so you can make informed decisions.
Foreign Secretary: Fine. Say you're right, say Greene is a villain. If we refused to do business with villains, we'd have almost no-one to trade with. The world's running out of oil, M. The Russians aren't playing ball, and the Americans and Chinese are dividing up what's left. "Right or wrong" doesn't come into it. We're acting out of necessity. [pause] Bond is running wild. Who's to say he hasn't been turned? Pull him in, or the Americans will put him down.
James Bond: It seems we're both using Greene to get to somebody.
Camille Montes: You lost someone?
James Bond: I did, yes.
Camille Montes: You catch whoever did it?
James Bond: No...not yet.
Camille Montes: Tell me when you do. I'd like to know how it feels.
James Bond: You know, I was just wondering what South America would look like if nobody gave a damn about coke or communism. It always impressed me the way you boys carved this place up.
Felix Leiter: I'll take that as a compliment coming from a Brit.
James Bond: Are you sure you're playing with the right side?
Felix Leiter: Regimes change once a week around here. Medrano will be no dirtier than the next guy.
James Bond: See, that's what I like about US intelligence. You'll lie down with anybody.
Felix Leiter: Including you, brother. Including you.
James Bond: Do you know you're being played? Dominic Greene is going to suck this place dry, and then he's going to move on. You're going to be left picking up the broken crockery.
Felix Leiter: What can I tell you? There's no such thing as a free lunch.
James Bond: You see, Felix, I don't think you're half as cynical as you make out to be.
Felix Leiter: You don't know me.
James Bond: [glances around] Why? Because you didn't come alone?
[Leiter is silent]
James Bond: How long have I got?
Felix Leiter: Thirty seconds.
James Bond: Well, that doesn't give us a lot of time, does it?
Felix Leiter: Medrano can't move until he pays off the army and the police chief. Greene's bringing him his money now. A hotel called the Perla de las Dunas. In the desert.
James Bond: Thank you, Felix.
Felix Leiter: James... move your ass.
[Bond is about to abandon Dominic Greene in the middle of the desert]
Dominic Greene: You promised that you'd —
James Bond: Let you go?
Dominic Greene: I answered your questions. I told you what you wanted to know about Quantum.
James Bond: Yes you did. And your friends would know that, so my guess is they're probably looking for you. But the good news is, you're in the middle of a desert. Here. [throws down a can of motor oil] I bet you make it 20 miles before you consider drinking that. Goodbye, Mr. Greene.
[Bond has just found the man who set Vesper up to die trying to seduce another woman]
James Bond: [quietly] Sit down. [holds them at gunpoint] Sit down!
Yusef: [To Corinne] It's ok, baby.
[Bond walks over to them, still holding the gun and they both sit down]
James Bond: [looking at the woman] You're Canadian? You work in Canadian intelligence?
[The woman says nothing]
James Bond: That's all right...I know you do. And knowing this man, you likely have access to some very sensitive material that you're going to be forced to give up. His life will be threatened and because you love him, you won't hesitate. That's a beautiful necklace. Did he give it to you?
[She doesn't answer. Bond shows her Vesper's necklace]
James Bond: I have one just like it. He gave it to a friend of mine...someone very close to me. Your name is...?
Corinne: Corinne.
James Bond: Corinne. Corinne, I suggest you leave now. You contact your people, and you tell them to check their seals. They have a leak. Do it now, please. This man and I have some unfinished business.
Corinne: [softly, as she leaves] Thank you.
Yusef: Please...make it quick.
[Next scene, Bond leaves Yusef's home and is greeted by M. MI6 agents go into the house]
M: Is he still alive?
James Bond: He is.
M: I'm surprised. Did you find what you were looking for?
James Bond: Yes.
M: Good.
M: I assume you have no regrets?
James Bond: I don't. What about you?
M: Course not. It would be unprofessional. They found Greene dead in the middle of the Bolivian desert of all places. Two bullets in the back of his skull. They found motor oil in his stomach. Does that mean anything to you?
James Bond: Wish I could help.
M: You'll be glad to know I straightened things out with the Americans. Your friend Leiter has been promoted. He replaced Beam.
James Bond: Well then, the right people kept their jobs.
M: Something like that.
[pause]
James Bond: Congratulations, you were right.
M: About what?
James Bond: About Vesper. [pause] Ma'am. [starts to walk away]
M: Bond...I need you back.
James Bond: [turns and smiles sadly] I never left.
Eve: I may have a shot. [beat.] It's not clean. Repeat, I do not have a clean shot.
[The train's whistle blares as it approach another tunnel.]
Eve: There's a tunnel ahead. I'm going to lose them.
M: Can you get into a better position?
Eve: Negative, there's no time.
M: [beat.] Take the shot.
[Eve hesitates.]
M: I said, take the shot!
Eve: I can't, I may hit Bond!
M: Take the bloody shot!
[Eve fires. Bond, hit, falls backwards from the train into the river below. Eve sees Patrice, still holding the hard drive, disappear into the tunnel. Back at MI6, there is a long silence.]
Eve: [on speaker-phone, solemn.] Agent down.
[M comes into her apartment. As she opens a bottle of alcohol, she notices that Bond is also in the room. She turns around to see him in the dark.]
M: Where the hell have you been?
James Bond: Enjoying death. 007 reporting for duty.
[M turns on the light to reveal Bond. He is drinking some alcohol.]
M: Why didn't you call?
James Bond: You didn't get the postcard? You should try it sometime. Get away from it all. It really lends perspective.
M: Ran out of drink where you were, did they?
James Bond: What was it you said? Take the bloody shot.
M: I made a judgment call.
James Bond: You should have trusted me to finish the job.
M: It was a possibility of losing you or the certainty of losing all those other agents. I made the only decision I could and you know it.
James Bond: I think you lost your nerve.
M: What are you expecting? A bloody apology? You know the rules of the game. You've been playing it long enough. We both have.
James Bond: Maybe too long.
M: Speak for yourself.
James Bond: Ronson didn't make it, did he?
M: No.
James Bond: So this is it. We're both played out.
M: If you believed that, why did you come back?
James Bond: [sarcastically] Good question.
M: Because we're under attack. And you know we need you.
[Bond enters the interrogation room to take his psychological test]
Doctor Hall: I'd like to start with some simple word associations. Just tell me the first word that pops into your head. For example, I say, "Day" and you might say…
James Bond: Wasted.
Doctor Hall: All right. Gun?
James Bond: Shot.
Doctor Hall: Agent.
James Bond: Provocateur.
Doctor Hall: Woman?
James Bond: Provocatrix.
Doctor Hall: Heart?
James Bond: Target.
Doctor Hall: Bird?
James Bond: Sky.
Doctor Hall: M.
James Bond: Bitch.
[quick cut to M in the observation room, not amused]
Doctor Hall: Sunlight?
James Bond: Swim.
Doctor Hall: Moonlight?
James Bond: Dance.
Doctor Hall: Murder.
James Bond: Employment.
Doctor Hall: Country.
James Bond: England.
Doctor Hall: Skyfall. [Bond says nothing] Skyfall.
James Bond: Done. [walks out]
[M is not impressed.]
Gareth Mallory: [to M; sarcastically] This is going well.
[Bond and Eve meet for the first time since she accidentally shot him]
James Bond: I am sorry, but we have met before?
Eve: I am the one who should say sorry.
James Bond: It was only four ribs; some of the less vital organs. Nothing major. [he and Eve walk into a big room of the building.] Not enough excitement in Istanbul?
Eve: I've been reassigned. Temporary suspension from field work.
James Bond: Really?
Eve: Mm. Something to do with killing 007.
James Bond: Well, you gave it your best shot.
Eve: It was hardly my best shot.
James Bond: I'm not sure I can survive your best.
Eve: Doubt you'll get the chance.
Bond: Well, do me a favor, will you. If they do ever let you back out there, warn me first.
Eve: I'm assisting Gareth Mallory in the transition and then I'll be back in the field.
James Bond: It's what you want?
Eve: Yes, of course.
James Bond: It's not for everyone.
[Bill Tanner comes into the big room.]
Bill Tanner: [directing Bond into M's office] Ah, 007. It's this way.
James Bond: [to Eve.] In your defense, a moving target is much harder to hit.
Eve: Then you'd better keep moving.
[At the National Gallery, Bond is sitting on an empty bench, looking at The Fighting Temeraire. A scruffy-haired young man wearing glasses (Q, though Bond doesn't know this yet) approaches and sits right next to him. Bond looks at him in annoyance.]
Man: It always makes me feel a little melancholy - a grand old war ship, being ignominiously hauled away to scrap. The inevitability of time, don't you think? What do you see?
James Bond: A bloody big ship. Excuse me. [rising to leave.]
Man: 007. [Bond reacts and sits back down.] I'm your new Quartermaster.
James Bond: You must be joking.
Q: Why, because I'm not wearing a lab coat?
James Bond: Because you still have spots.
Q: My complexion is hardly relevant.
James Bond: Your competence is.
Q: Age is no guarantee of efficiency.
James Bond: And youth is no guarantee of innovation.
Q: I'll hazard I can do more damage on my laptop sitting in my pyjamas before my first cup of Earl Grey than you can do in a year in the field.
James Bond: Oh, so why do you need me?
Q: Every now and then, a trigger has to be pulled.
James Bond: Or not pulled. It's hard to know which in your pyjamas. [Beat] Q. [offers his hand.]
Q: [shakes his hand.] 007.
James Bond: [on receiving his equipment from Q.] A gun and a radio. It's not exactly Christmas, is it?
Q: Were you expecting an exploding pen? We don't really go in for that anymore.
Eve: [watches Bond shave] Cut-throat razor. How very traditional.
James Bond: [suggestively] Well, I like to do some things the old-fashioned way.
Eve: [smiles] Sometimes the old ways are the best.
Sévérine: It's not too late. We could turn back now.
James Bond: [eyes armed guards standing behind them menacingly] I wouldn't be so sure.
[Discussing M's decision to return Bond to active duty.]
Raoul Silva: You're still clinging to your faith in that old woman, when all she does is lie to you.
James Bond: She never lied to me.
Raoul Silva: No?
James Bond: No.
Raoul Silva: What did you score on your marksmanship evaluation?
James Bond: Seventy.
Raoul Silva: [laughs mockingly] Forty. Did she tell you the psychologist cleared you for duty?
James Bond: Yes.
Raoul Silva: No. No. [sighs, reads test results from a laptop] "Medical evaluation: Failed. Physical evaluation: Failed. Psychological evaluation: Alcohol and substance addiction indicated." Ooh! "Pathological rejection of authority based on unresolved childhood trauma. Subject is not approved for field duty and immediate suspension from service advised." What is this if not betrayal? She sent you after me, knowing you were not ready, knowing you would likely die. Mommy was very bad. Hmm? [he unbuttons Bond's shirt, inspecting the scar on his shoulder. Winces.] Ooh. See what she's done to you?
James Bond: Well, she never tied me to a chair.
Raoul Silva: [deadpan] Her loss. [he continues to probe at Bond's chest, suggestively.]
James Bond: [dubious] Are you sure this is about M?
Raoul Silva: It's about her. And you, and me. You see, we are the last two rats. We can either eat each other… [suggestive look] Or eat everyone else. Ah, you're trying to remember your training now - what's the regulation to cover this? [rests his hands on Bond's legs.] Well, first time for everything, yes?
James Bond: [unmoved] What makes you think this is my first time?
Raoul Silva: [playful] Oh, Mr. Bond! All the physical stuff, so dull. So dull.
[Silva is in isolation at MI6 headquarters]
Raoul Silva: [seeing M for the first time after years] You're smaller then I remember.
M: Whereas I barely remember you at all.
Raoul Silva: It's strange; for me, it just feels like yesterday. Are you surprised?
M: Not particularly, but then you always were a slippery one.
Raoul Silva: Maybe that's why you liked me so much.
M: You flatter yourself.
Raoul Silva: No remorse. Just as I had imagined.
M: Regret is unprofessional.
Raoul Silva: [laughs] "Regret is unprofessional?" They kept me for five months in a room with no air. They tortured me and I protected your secrets. I protected you. But they made me suffer and suffer [beat.] and suffer. Until I realized, it was you who betrayed me. You betrayed me. So I had only one thing left: my cyanide capsule in my back left molar. So I broke the tooth and bit into the capsule. It burned all of my insides, but I didn't die. Life clung to me like a disease. And then I understood why I had survived. I needed to look into your eyes one last time.
M: Well, I hope it was worth it. Mr. Silva, you're going to be transferred to Belmarsh Prison, where you will be remanded in custody, until the Crown Prosecution Service deem you fit to stand trial-
Raoul Silva: [interrupts.] Say my name. Say it. My real name. I know you remember it.
M: Your name is on the memorial wall of the very building you attacked. I will have it struck off. Soon, your past will be as non-existent as your future. I'll never see you again.
[She and Bond begin to leave]
Raoul Silva: Do you know what it does to you? [They stop] Hydrogen cyanide? [he goes down on one knee, and removes a dental prosthesis from his upper palate, causing his left cheek to sag and revealing a gaunt, misshapen face and a row of rotted teeth.] Look upon your work, mother.
[M and Bond leave the room. Silva puts his dental prosthesis back into his mouth and he laughs hysterically at the look on M's face.]
[Bond is pursuing an escaped Silva through London's underground train tunnels. Q is tracking him from MI6's reserve headquarters and communicating by radio.]
Q: If you're through that door, you should be in the Tube.
James Bond: [deadpan] I'm in the Tube.
Q: Bond, this isn't an escape, this was years in the planning. He wanted us to capture him, he wanted us to access his computer. It was all planned - blowing up HQ, knowing all the emergency protocols, knowing we'd retreat down here.
James Bond: I got all that. It's what he's got planned next that worries me.
Q: District line is the closest. There should be a service door on your left.
James Bond: Got it. [he tries the door handle] It won't open.
Q: Of course it will, put your back into it.
James Bond: Why don't you come down here and put your back into it?! [he tries again.] No, it's stuck. [a rumble is heard, and Bond looks along the tracks] Oh good. There's a train coming.
Q: Hmm. That's vexing.
[Bond tries to barge the door multiple times but will not open. He uses a pistol to shoot the door handle. The door opens and Bond slips into it.]
James Bond: I'm through.
Q: Told you. We've alerted security. Police are on their way.
[Bond continues to find Silva.]
[Bond is on a crowded platform at Temple Tube station, looking for Silva.]
James Bond: There's too many people, I can't see him.
Q: Welcome to rush hour on the Tube. Not something you'd know much about.
[Q spots something on one of the CCTV footage monitors - a policeman getting onto the Tube train.]
James Bond: The train's leaving. Do I get on the train?
Q: [hesitant.] Don't get on the train, I'm not sure he's on it. Give us a minute.
[Q enhances the footage he was just watching. The train starts to pull away, Bond still on the platform.]
James Bond: [impatient.] Do I get on the train?
[Q freezes the footage of the policeman turning to face the camera. It is Silva in disguise.]
Q: Bond?
James Bond: What?
Q: Get on the train.
[Bond chases after and jumps onto the end of the tube train, clinging onto the outer door. He runs past an old-looking man who is standing with his wife.]
Man at Tube Station: He's keen to get home.
James Bond: [to female train conductor.] Open the door, please!
[The conductor just stares at him, baffled.]
James Bond: Open. The door!
[The conductor finally opens the door. Bond steps on board.]
James Bond: Health and Safety. Carry on.
Q: Where are you?
James Bond: [moving through the carriages.] Take a wild guess, Q.
Q: He's in disguise now. He's dressed as a policeman.
James Bond: [sarcastic.] Of course he is.
Q: [tracking the train's path, muttering.] Where's he going? Where's he going?
[Bond spots the route map on the inside wall of one of the carriages. The route leads to Westminster.]
James Bond: [realising.] He's going for M. Tell Tanner - get her out of there.
[Having absconded with M, Bond has pulled over at a back-alley garage.]
M: Well I'm not hiding in there, if that's your brilliant plan.
James Bond: We're changing vehicles. The problem with company cars is they have trackers.
[He opens the garage door and turns on the lights, revealing his classic Aston Martin DB5.]
M: [sarcastic.] Well, I suppose that's completely inconspicuous.
James Bond: Get in.
[Bond and M drive off in the Aston Martin.]
M: It's not very comfortable, is it?
James Bond: [flips up the cap on the gearstick to reveal the ejector seat button underneath.] You gonna complain all the way?
M: Oh, go on then, eject me. See if I care.
[Bond closes the cap.]
M: Where are we going?
James Bond: Back in time. Somewhere we'll have the advantage.
[at Q Branch, Q and Tanner try to create a false trail to lure Silva]
Q: It's a fine line. Make the breadcrumb too small, and he might miss it. Too big, and Silva will smell a rat.
Bill Tanner: Yes, but you'd think even Silva will be able to spot that.
Q: He's the only one who could.
[Tanner turns to see Mallory, his arm in a sling]
Tanner: Sir?
Q: Oh.
Gareth Mallory: What are you doing?
Q: We're just…monitoring.
Mallory: Creating a false tracking signal for Silva to follow.
Tanner: Well, sir, um—
Q: Well, no—
Mallory: Excellent thinking. Get him isolated. Send him on the A9, it's a direct route. You can monitor his progress more accurately and confirm it with the traffic cameras.
Tanner: But, uh…what if the PM finds out?
Mallory: Then we're all buggered. Carry on.
[Bond is practising hitting targets with his father's rifle with Kincade, the gamekeeper of Skyfall, the Bond family estate. Kincade does not know of Bond's employment or firearms training.]
Kincade: So who are we supposed to be fighting?
James Bond: No "we" in it, Kincade. This is not your fight.
Kincade: Try and stop me, you jumped-up little shit. Now remember what I taught you. Don't let it pull to the left.
James Bond: [deadpan] I'll do my best.
[Bond takes aim and fires twice. The targets, a pair of china teacups on a tree branch, are blown to smithereens. Bond pops the spent cartridges from the rifle.]
Kincade: What did you say you did for a living?
[Bond, M and Kincade are waiting for Silva and his men to arrive.]
M: I fucked this up, didn't I?
James Bond: No. You did your job. [beat] I read your obituary of me.
M: And?
James Bond: Appalling.
M: Yeah, I knew you'd hate it. I did call you an exemplar of British fortitude.
James Bond: Oh, that bit was alright.
[The dogs start barking. Bond rises, alert]
James Bond: Are you ready?
Kincade: I was ready before you were born, son.
Raoul Silva: [on seeing that M is wounded, panicked] You're hurt. You're hurt! What have they done to you? What have they done to you? [puts his gun in her hand, and presses it to her head, and rests his head against hers, directly in the path of the gun] Free us both. With the same bullet. Do it. Do it. Only you can do it. Now do it. [he screams as Bond lobs a knife into his back. He turns and glares at Bond, groaning with impotent rage. He kneels onto the floor.]
James Bond: Last rat standing.
[Silva keels over dead]
M: 007, what took you so long?
James Bond: Well, I got into some deep water.
[M, succumbing to her wound, topples over. Bond cradles her in his arms]
M: I suppose it's too late to make a run for it?
James Bond: Well, I'm game if you are.
M: I did get one thing right.
[M dies. Bond embraces her corpse and Kincade, with despair, takes off his hat.]
Gareth Mallory: [now promoted to become the new head of MI6 as the new M] So, 007… [gives Bond his next assignment] Lots to be done. Are you ready to get back to work?
James Bond: With pleasure, M. With pleasure.
Eve Moneypenny: So what's going on, James? There's not one person at MI6 who isn't talking about it.
James Bond: Talking about... what, exactly?
Eve Moneypenny: That what you did in Mexico was a step too far. That you're finished.
James Bond: And what do you think?
Eve Moneypenny: I think you're just getting started.
James Bond: I don't know what you mean.
Eve Moneypenny: Fine. I think you've got a secret. And it's something you won't tell anyone because you don't trust anyone. [Bond switches on the TV, revealing a video message from the now-deceased previous M]
M: [on TV] 007, if anything happens to me for some reason, I need you to you to do something. Find a man called Marco Sciarra. Kill him... and don't miss the funeral.
Eve Moneypenny: Jesus! Where did you get it?
James Bond: From my mailbox, just after she died.
Eve Moneypenny: She was never short of surprises.
James Bond: She wasn't gonna let death get in the way of her job.
Clinic Barman: Can I get you something, sir?
James Bond: Vodka martini. Shaken, not stirred.
Clinic Barman: I'm sorry, we don't serve alcohol.
James Bond: [sarcastically] I'm already starting to love this place...
Q: [approaching the bar from Bond's left] He'll have the prolytic digestive enzyme shake.
Lucia Sciarra: Did you kill my husband?
James Bond: He was an assassin. He wouldn't have taken it personally.
[James Bond finds Mr White in Austria and talks to him about SPECTRE's leader]
Mr. White: I always knew death would wear a familiar face, but not yours. To what do I owe this pleasure, Mr. Bond?
James Bond: I was at a meeting recently and your name came up.
Mr. White: I'm flattered London is still talking about me.
James Bond: It wasn't MI6, It was Rome, Your team, not mine.
Mr. White: Ah. Last month, I found thallium in my cell phone. It's done its job. I have a few weeks, Maybe less. So, here we are, Mr. Bond. two dead men enjoying the evening.
James Bond: What did you do?
Mr. White: I disobeyed him. I followed him as far as I could. He changed.
James Bond: Oh, I see, You grew a conscience.
Mr. White: Our game is our game. But this? women? children?
James Bond: Well, the thallium would suggest that he doesn't like you very much anymore. And clearly the feeling is mutual. So why don't you tell me how to find him again?
Mr. White: Oh, come on.
James Bond: Tell me where he is.
Mr. White: He's Everywhere! Everywhere! He's sitting at your desk, He's kissing your lover, He's eating supper with your family!
Madeleine Swann: Argh! Don't touch me!
James Bond: Hey! You need to take a breath and calm down. You're in shock.
Madeleine Swann: Get away from me! Just get away! Did it cross your mind that you led them to me?
James Bond: I haven't got time for this. You need to tell me everything you know about L'Amricain.
Madeleine Swann: Go to hell!
James Bond: I gave your father my word!
Madeleine Swann: And why should I trust you? Because my father did?
James Bond: Because right now, Dr. Swann, I'm your best chance of staying alive.
Max Denbigh: You can't really tell me that one man in the field can compete with all of this, running around out there with his license to kill.
M: Have you ever had to kill a man, Max? Have you? To pull that trigger, you have to be sure. Yes, you investigate, analyze, assess, target. And then you have to look him in the eye. And you make the call. And all the drones, bugs, cameras, transcripts, all the surveillance in the world can't tell you what to do next. A license to kill is also a license not to kill.
Max Denbigh: [on the phone to his contact] Go back and find M, NOW! We need them both. [hangs up and attempts to log in to MI6, only to find that his access has been denied and the Nine Eyes program's shutdown has been initiated]
M: Not a good feeling being watched, is it?
Max Denbigh: Don't tell me you're responsible for this.
M: No, but my quartermaster is. And he's extremely talented.
Max Denbigh: Oh, bravo. But in case you hadn't realized it, you two are out of a job. so you're trespassing.
M: I'm afraid you've got the wrong end of the stick, Max. We're going to stop this system going online, and then I'm going to bring you in.
Max Denbigh: On what grounds, exactly?
M: Poor taste in friends.
Max Denbigh: Take a look at the world. Chaos. Because people like you, paper-pushers and politicians, are too spineless to do what needs to be done. So I made an alliance to put the power where it should be, and now you want to throw it away for the sake of democracy, whatever the hell that is. How predictably moronic. But then, isn't that what M stands for? "Moron"?
[C aims a pistol at M and pulls the trigger; nothing happens]
M: And now we know what C stands for. [reveals that he has the bullets that C thought were in his gun] "Careless".
[Bond has Oberhauser at his mercy, seemingly about to kill him.]
Franz Oberhauser: Finish it. Finish it.
James Bond: [lowers his gun] Out of bullets. [looks at Swann] And besides, I've got something better to do.
Bateman: New card. What do you think?
McDermott: Whoa-ho, very nice. Look at that.
Bateman: Picked them up from the printer's yesterday.
Van Patten: Good coloring.
Bateman: That's "Bone". And the lettering is something called "Silian Rail".
Van Patten: It's very cool, Bateman... but that's nothing. Look at this.
(Van Patten removes his card from its holder)
Bryce: That is really nice.
Van Patten: "Eggshell", with "Romalian" type. What do you think?
Bateman: [beat] Nice.
Bryce: Jesus. That is really super. How'd a nitwit like you get so tasteful?
Bateman: [internal monologue] I can't believe that Bryce prefers Van Patten's card to mine.
Bryce: But wait, you ain't seen nothing yet.
(Bryce removes his card from its holder)
Bryce: Raised lettering, "Pale Nimbus". White.
Bateman: Impressive. Very nice. [beat] Let's see Paul Allen's card.
(Bryce nervously reveals Paul Allen's card)
Bateman: [internal monologue] Look at that subtle off-white coloring. The tasteful thickness of it. Oh my God... it even has a watermark.
(Bateman seethes)
Carruthers: Something wrong? Patrick? You're sweating.
McDermott: If they have a great personality and they're not great looking... then who fucking cares?
Bateman: Well, let's just say hypothetically, OK? What if they have a great personality?
[pause, all laugh]
Bateman: I know, I know. [in unison with the rest] There are no girls with good personalities.
Van Patten: A good personality consists of a chick with a little hard body, who will satisfy all sexual demands without being too slutty about things, and who essentially will keep her dumb fucking mouth shut.
McDermott: The only girls with good personalities who are smart or maybe funny or halfway intelligent or talented, though god knows what the fuck that means, are ugly chicks.
Van Patten: Absolutely.
McDermott: And this is because they have to make up for how fucking unattractive they are.
Bateman: Do you know what Ed Gein said about women?
Van Patten: Ed Gein? Maitre d' at Canal Bar?
Bateman: No, serial killer, Wisconsin in the fifties.
McDermott: So what did Ed say?
Bateman: When I see a pretty girl walking down the street I think two things. One part of me wants to take her out and talk to her and be real nice and sweet and treat her right.
McDermott: And what did the other part think?
Bateman: What her head would look like on a stick. [chuckles]
Luis: Hi, guys. I wanna get your opinion on something. It's my business card. I decided to get a new one, too.
[Luis removes his business card from the holder and shows it to McDermott, then Van Patten]
McDermott: Very nice.
Van Patten: Very nice, Luis.
Luis: Thank you. [shows it to Bateman, who does not respond. Luis then leaves]
Van Patten: Listen, what about dinner...
Bateman: Is that all you ever have to contribute, Van Patten? What about fuckin' dinner?!
McDermott: Cheer up there, baby. What's the matter? No shiatsu this morning? [claps Bateman on the shoulder]
Bateman: [shoves McDermott's hand away] Touch me like that, and you'll draw back a stump.
McDermott: Hold on there, little buddy--!
[Bateman leaves and heads for the restroom where Luis is at. Donning a pair of leather gloves, he approaches Luis from behind and prepares to strangle him, but Luis turns around, sees Bateman, removes one of the gloves and kisses Bateman's hand.]
Luis: [laughs] Patrick...why here? I've seen you looking at me. [traces a hand along Bateman's cheek, before pressing a finger to his lips and nose] I've noticed your...hot body. [chuckles, then moves in close] Don't be shy. You can't imagine how long I've wanted this - ever since that Christmas party - Arizona 206, you know, the one where you were wearing that red striped paisley Armani tie...
[Bateman, bewildered and disgusted, heads to one of the sinks and begins washing his hands - without even removing the gloves.]
Luis: I want you. I want you, too!
[Bateman does not respond and heads for the door.]
Luis: Patrick!
Bateman: WHAT IS IT?!
Luis: ...Where are you going?
Bateman: I've gotta return some videotapes. [leaves]
Bateman: I think, um, Evelyn, that we've, uh, lost touch.
Evelyn: Why? What's wrong?
Bateman: My need to engage in homicidal behavior on a massive scale cannot be corrected, but, ah, I have no other way to fulfill my needs. I'm fucking serious. It's fucking over, us, this is no joke. I don't think we should see each other anymore.
Evelyn: But your friends are my friends and my friends are your friends. I really don't think it would work. [fusses with his collar] You have a little something...
Bateman: I know that your friends are my friends and, uh... I've thought about that. You can have 'em. You're not terribly important to me.
Evelyn: What about the past? Our past?
Bateman: We never really shared one.
Evelyn: You're inhuman.
Bateman: No...I'm in touch with humanity. Evelyn, I'm sorry, I just, uh...You're not terribly important to me.
Bateman: You're not terribly important to me.
Waiter: Would you like to hear today's specials?
Bateman: Not if you want to keep your spleen.
Bateman: Come on, Bryce. There are a lot more important problems than Sri Lanka to worry about.
Bryce: Like what?
Bateman: Well, we have to end apartheid for one. And slow down the nuclear arms race, stop terrorism and world hunger. We have to provide food and shelter for the homeless, and oppose racial discrimination and promote civil rights, while also promoting equal rights for women. We have to encourage a return to traditional moral values. Most importantly, we have to promote general social concern and less materialism in young people.
Bateman: You like Huey Lewis and the News?
Paul Allen: They're OK.
Bateman: Their early work was a little too new wave for my tastes, but when Sports came out in '83, I think they really came into their own, commercially and artistically. The whole album has a clear, crisp sound, and a new sheen of consummate professionalism that really gives the songs a big boost. He's been compared to Elvis Costello, but I think Huey has a far more bitter, cynical sense of humour.
Paul Allen: Hey Halberstram.
Bateman: Yes, Allen?
Paul Allen: Why are there copies of the Style section all over the place, d-do you have a dog? A little chow or something?
Bateman: No, Allen.
Paul Allen: Is that a rain coat?
Bateman: Yes it is! In '87, Huey released this, Fore!, their most accomplished album. I think their undisputed masterpiece is "Hip to be Square", a song so catchy, most people probably don't listen to the lyrics. [rapidly, as if agitated] But they should, because it's not just about the pleasures of conformity, and the importance of trends, it's also a personal statement about the band itself. [raises axe above head] Hey Paul!
[he bashes Allen in the head with the axe, and blood splatters over him]
Bateman: [as he begins to hack Allen to death with the axe] TRY GETTING A RESERVATION AT DORSIA NOW YOU FUCKING STUPID BASTARD! YOU FUCKING BASTARD!
Bateman: [about Paul Allen] He was into that whole Yale thing.
Donald Kimball: Yale thing?
Bateman: Yeah, Yale thing.
Kimball: What do you mean "Yale thing"?
Bateman: Well, for one thing, I think he was probably a closet homosexual who did a lot of cocaine. That whole Yale thing.
Bateman: Ask me a question.
Club girl: So, what do you do?
Bateman: I'm into, uh, well, murders and executions, mostly.
Club girl: Do you like it?
Bateman: Well, it depends. Why?
Club girl: Well, most guys I know who are in Mergers and Acquisitions really don't like it.
Bateman: Did you know that Whitney Houston's debut LP, called simply Whitney Houston, had four number one singles on it? Did you know that, Christie?
Elizabeth: [laughing] You actually listen to Whitney Houston? You own a Whitney Houston CD? More than one?
Bateman: [ignoring her] It's hard to choose a favorite among so many great tracks, but "The Greatest Love of All" is one of the best, most powerful songs ever written about self-preservation, dignity. Its universal message crosses all boundaries and instills one with the hope that it's not too late to better ourselves. Since, Elizabeth, it's impossible in this world we live in to empathize with others, we can always empathize with ourselves. It's an important message, crucial really. And it's beautifully stated on the album.
Bryce: [after snorting "cut" cocaine] It's a fucking milligram of sweetener. I want to get high off this, not sprinkle it on my fucking oatmeal.
Bateman: Definitely weak, but I have a feeling that if we do enough of it we'll be okay.
Club Patron: [leans over from another booth] Will you keep it down? I'm trying to do drugs!
Bryce: Fuck you! Calm down. Let's do it anyway. That is if the FAGGOT in the next stall thinks it's okay!
Club Patron: FUCK YOU!
Bryce: HEY FUCK YOU! Sorry, dude. Steroids. Okay, let's do it.
Bryce: [watching Ronald Reagan on TV] How can he just stand there and lie like that? He makes himself out to be a harmless old codger, but inside... inside...
Bateman: [internal monologue] ... "but inside" doesn't matter.
McDermott: "Inside", yes, "inside..." - believe it or not, Bryce, we're actually listening to you...
Bryce: Come on, Bateman, what do you think?
Bateman: Whatever.